Al-Zaman : American forces killed Shaikh Abdullah al-Ani, the preacher at the
mosque in the town of Qaim, near the Syrian border. [This killing of a respected
cleric will be causing us trouble for years to come.] DPA: Iraqi authorities
announced that they had busted up 3 terrorist cells operating in Baghdad. Two of
them were being run by 2 officials of the Ministry of the Interior! The MoI in
Iraq is equivalent to the US FBI, so this would be like having J. Edgar Hoover
unwittingly employ at a high level members of the Weathermen bombers back in the
1960s. The third was being run by the head of an investment firm. You wonder if
he was manipulating the market with his bombing targets. The cells were
operating in the Ghazaliyah and al-Jihad districts of the capital. Although the
announcement was probably made to show progress in identifying and breaking up
terror cells, I don't find the news that the Baathists continue to penetrate the
Iraqi government very hopeful. It reminds me too much of the ARVN officers who
were secretly working for the other side in Vietnam. Al-Zaman : Guerrillas
killed a member of the Kurdistan Democratic Party after kidnapping him in Mosul.
The police commander of Ninevah Province announced that bombings had declined 80
percent in Mosul, whereas there had been a big jump in the number of
kidnappings. On Wednesday guerrillas had kidnapped a cosmetic surgeon and his
wife while they were on their way home. In Suwayrah, Kut Province, two car bombs
were discovered before they could be detonated. (Kut is in southeastern Iraq and
has an overwhelmingly Shiite population, who are on the lookout for Baathist
saboteurs and willingly turn them in. This willingness is the main difference in
the number of bombings in the south as opposed to the center-north of the
country.) In Baghdad Kadhim Talal Husain, assistant dean at the School of
Education at Mustansiriyah University, was assassinated with his driver in the
Salikh district. Guerrillas killed an engineer, Asi Ali, from Tikrit. They also
killed Shaikh Hamid 'Akkab, a clan elder of a branch of the Dulaim tribe in
Tikrit. His mother was also killed in the attack. Two other Dulaim leaders have
been killed in the past week and a half. Guerrillas near Hawijah launched an
attack that left 6 dead, including 4 Iraqi soldiers. One of them was from the
Jubur tribe and was deputy commander of the Hawijah garrison. Two hundred
members of the Batawi clan of the Dulaim demonstrated in Baghdad on Friday,
protesting the killing of their clan elder, Shaikh Kadhim Sarhid and 4 of his
sons, by gunmen wearing Iraqi army uniforms. (This is a largely Sunni Arab clan,
and some Sunni observers have accused Shiite elements in the government of being
behind the assassination; it is more likely the work of Sunni Arab guerrillas
punishing the Batawi leaders for cooperating with the Dec. 15 elections.)
Al-Zaman : The Iraqi High Electoral Commission on Friday denied a request of the
Debaathification Commission to exclude 51 individuals from running on party
lists in the Dec. 15 elections on grounds of having been sufficiently involved
in Baath activities to warrant their being excluded from civil office. The
Commission said it had no legal grounds for such an exclusion. This item is a
small one and easily missed. But in my view it is highly significant. The
Debaathification Commission had been pushed by Ahmad Chalabi and his Iraqi
National Congress very hard, and had pushed many Sunni Arabs into the arms of
the guerrillas. Chalabi has been increasingly marginalized within Iraq, however,
despite his ties of clientelage with Washington and Tehran. He is no longer in
the dominant Shiite list, the United Iraqi Alliance, and won't have many seats
in the new parliament. Some 2,000 junior officers of the old Baath army have
been recalled to duty in recent months, something Chalabi would have blocked if
he could have. Now the Electoral Commission is refusing to punish people for
mere past Baath Party membership. The situation in Iraq is only going to get
better this way. If someone committed a crime against humanity, prosecute the
person. If he or she did not, then they should have all the same rights as other
Iraqis. Al-Sharq al-Awsat reports that a key eyewitness in the trial of Saddam
Hussein for a 1982 massacre at Dujail has died. A team from the court managed to
take his deposition before he died. The trial begins again Nov.28. 

In Baghdad the fighting still continues in several areas, mostly in Sadr city
and Adhamiya. Baghdadis don't venture much out of their neighbourhoods any more,
you never know where you might get stuck. There has been talk that the night
curfew might be implemented again. My neighbourhood has been surrounded by
American troops for three days now, helicopters have been circling over our
heads non-stop. Fedayeen are now visible on the street and they have become
bolder than ever. Yesterday there were tens of them putting road blocks on our
street and setting up mortars, they only come out in the open when Americans
leave the area, then they start firing mortars indiscriminately and shooting
their AK-47's in the air. They are setting the road blocks at the exact same
positions they were during the war last year, which indicates they are the same
people. And there is nothing we can do about it really, people who are
suggesting that we go out and fight them are living in dream land. Even the IP
and ICDC have abandoned the neighbourhood, and those are trained and armed, so
don't expect scared civilians to do anything except to hide inside and pray a
helicopter or a tank doesn't bomb them, and also how are American soldiers going
to distinguish the brave and valiant civilians from the Fedayeen? Everyone is
apprehensive, there is some talk that April 9th and 10th are going to be bloody
days. Most people haven't gone to work the last few days, although it seems that
the rest of Baghdad is 'normal' (if you can define what normal is). There are
rumours about preparations by slum dwellers for another looting spree against
banks, governmental and public property similar to the one that took place last
April, and I have already overheard youngsters in my neighbourhood joking about
it and saying things like "This time we will be the first to loot, we didn't get
anything the last time". Mosques are calling for donating blood, food, and
medicine for Fallujah, and several convoys have already headed out for Fallujah,
most of them returned later though. What irritates me is this sudden false
'solidarity' between Sunni and Shi'ite clerics, we all know that they would be
glad to get at each others throats when they have the chance, and Shia clerics
were describing Fallujan insurgents as 'Ba'athists', 'Saddamites', 'Wahhabis',
and 'terrorists' just a few days ago. So what happened? I guess it's just the
old new Arab 'Me against my brother, me and my brother against my cousin, me and
my cousin against my enemy', or 'The enemy of my enemy is my friend' thing going
on again. Speaking of Fallujah, we have only Al-Jazeera to rely on for our news
from there. They have sent over their top reporter Ahmed Mansour to the town,
and he is spouting all kinds of propaganda hourly reminding me of Al-Sahhaf.
"They are targetting ambulances", "American snipers are shooting children and
pregnant women", and "They are using cluster bombs against civilians" is all you
get to hear from him. He did once make an unforgivable error when he mentioned
that Fallujan militants were shooting at the Marines from the roofs of mosques
and houses in Hay Al-Golan, but of course that is okay for Al-Jazeera. Someone
who called himself Abu Hafs from the Ibn Al-Khattab Brigades (another new group)
was on Al-Jazeera describing the enormous casualties among the Marines and he
sweared that American soldiers were mutilating the bodies of dead insurgents.
Over 300 Iraqis are reported dead and 500 wounded in Fallujah alone. Al-Iraqiyah
tv said that ICDC were controlling Ramadi. Azzaman newspaper mentioned an
announcement signed by Abdul Aziz bin Muqrin, an Al-Qaeda operative in Saudi
Arabia on an Islamic website 'the voice of Jihad', in which he stated that
"although mutilating dead bodies is not originally permitted in Islam, but in
this case it is allowed if Muslims use it against infidels to deter them from
committing criminal actions". He added that "America does not understand
anything except the language of force and retaliation, they were kicked out of
Somalia in humiliation after that soldier was dragged in Mogadishu for the whole
world to see", and that "the day will come when the dead bodies of Americans and
Jews would be dragged, defiled, and stepped on in the Arabian peninsula together
with their agents and supporters". 

Elena's motorcycle tour through the region around Chernobyl has revived interest
in one of the most serious nuclear disasters in history. We all know what
happened, but even to this day, there are many different versions and opinions
on how it happened and what effect Chernobyl will have on the health of people
affected by the fallout. UPDATE: Now you can tour Chernobyl and write your own
story. This is not a post about fault-finding or assigning blame. It is a time
to learn what happened and how it may affect the future. There was a soothing
authoritative UNSCEAR (United Nations Scientific Committee on the Effects of
Atomic Radiation ) report in 2000 on the health effects of Chernobyl confirming
that there was no scientific evidence of any significant radiation-related
health effects to most people exposed. This was heavily promoted by the
Australasian Radiation Protection Society in a press release titled THE MYTHS OF
CHERNOBYL which contained the following: One of the most widespread myths of
recent times is that the Chernobyl nuclear reactor accident in 1986 caused many
thousands of extra cancer deaths in neighbouring regions, and that public health
has been severely affected by exposure to radiation. Many people still believe
that to be true, even though the Ministry of Russian Federation on Civil
Defence, Emergencies and Elimination of Conseguences of Natural Disasters
(EMERCOM of Russia) reported this in 1996: CHERNOBYL ACCIDENT: TEN YEARS ON In
the last decade, there has been a real and significant increase in childhood
and, to a certain extent, adult carcinoma of the thyroid in contaminated regions
of the former Soviet Union (Wi940) which should be attributed to the Chernobyl
accident until proven otherwise. The prestigious IAEA (International Atomic
Energy Agency) published an early report on Chernobyl which was based on
information from Russian sources and stated that there was no significant health
effects. However, in April 2001, the IAEA published Fifteen Years after the
Chernobyl Accident - Lessons learned. which contradict the earlier reports. Here
are some excerpts: The dramatic increase in radiation-induced thyroid cancers in
children and adolescents in Belarus, Russia, and Ukraine, which have been
observed since 1991, continues to this day. ...a drop in the birth rate, a
deterioration in women's reproductive health, an increase in complications
during pregnancy and birth, and a deterioration in neonatal health.... The
dynamics of change in the state of health of children affected by the Chernobyl
accident in all three countries - Belarus, Russia, and Ukraine - in the
post-accident period is characterized by persistent negative tendencies: the
morbidity rate is going up, the number of really healthy children is dropping,
and disability is increasing . As a parent, I can well imagine how painful it
must be for those families whose children are succumbing to radiation poisoning.
There is a lot to learn about Chernobyl. Being well-informed will give you
certainty and that is desirable in a world of conflicting reports. There are a
wealth of references on Chernobyl. Read some of the following links and draw
your own conclusions. These links present the many viewpoints that existed and
still exist about the disaster called Chernobyl: IAEA Report Lessons learned
http://www.ibiblio.org/expo/soviet.exhibit/chernobyl.html
http://www.ibrae.ac.ru/IBRAE/eng/chernobyl/nat_rep/nat_repe.htm#24
http://www.nsrl.ttu.edu/chernobyl/wildlifepreserve.htm
http://www.environmentalchemistry.com/yogi/hazmat/articles/chernobyl1.html
http://digon_va.tripod.com/Chernobyl.htm
http://www.oneworld.org/index_oc/issue196/byckau.html
http://www.collectinghistory.net/chernobyl/
http://www.ukrainianweb.com/chernobyl_ukraine.htm
http://www.bullatomsci.org/issues/1993/s93/s93Marples.html
http://www.calguard.ca.gov/ia/Chernobyl-15%20years.htm
http://www.infoukes.com/history/chornobyl/gregorovich/index.html
http://www.un.org/ha/chernobyl/
http://www.tecsoc.org/pubs/history/2002/apr26.htm
http://www.chernobyl.org.uk/page2.htm
http://www.time.com/time/daily/chernobyl/860901.accident.html
http://www.infoukes.com/history/chornobyl/elg/
http://www.world-nuclear.org/info/chernobyl/inf07.htm
http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/conclusions5.html
http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/c01.html
http://www.nea.fr/html/rp/chernobyl/c05.html
http://www.physics.isu.edu/radinf/chern.htm http://www.chernobyl.info/en
http://www.arps.org.au/Chernobyl.htm
http://www-formal.stanford.edu/jmc/progress/chernobyl.html
http://www.21stcenturysciencetech.com/articles/chernobyl.html I would be
interested in hearing what conclusions you reached and what you found that was
most convincing. radiation: As a child in the 50's I had a lot of glandular
problems and they treated it with radiation therapy (primitive at best!) and
stopped when a lesion on my neck started enlarging--they said it was not CA but
stopped the treatments.... Remember the old shoe sizing machines that was a form
of radiation xray? That too was stopped. Don't have to mention what radiation
has done and is still doing to Hirsohima & Nagaski folks--there can be no doubts
about the effects of radiation in Chernobyl....... The Chernobyl Children's
Project (http://www.adiccp.org/home/default.asp) offers several ways to help the
children of that region. One of them is the Rest and Recuperation Program,
wherein a child can come to the US for a few weeks in the summer. Even a little
time spent receiving wholesome, uncontaminated food, good medical care, etc. can
add years to their lives. S. and I have an acquaintance who has hosted several
of these children for many years; to see these little ones breaks the heart. The
urge to protect and gather them all in is almost overwhelming, and makes me more
grateful for the blessings I have. Take care, my friend, Linda I'm sorry to say
Elena's story has been revealed to be a fake. 

What do the new al-Qaeda videotape and audio speeches of Bin Laden and Ayman
al-Zawahiri tell us about the hopes of the remaining top leadership of the
organization? Because the US and Pakistan have managed to capture or kill about
2/3s of the top 25 al-Qaeda commanders, the middle managers are not in close
contact with al-Zawahiri and Bin Laden. The tape was a way to signal priorities.
These are 1) Assassinate or overthrow Gen. Pervez Musharraf, the Pakistani
military "president" who had made a coup in 1999 and has thrown in his lot with
the United States against the Taliban and al-Qaeda. Musharraf has been trying to
purge his officer corps of the substantial number of al-Qaeda sympathizers. His
military intelligence has captured major figures like Abu Zubayda and Khalid
Shaykh Muhammad, as well as nearly 500 other al-Qaeda operatives, over 400 of
whom the Pakistanis have turned over to the US. Musharraf held elections in
October of 2002, in which center-right parties did well, but in which nearly 20
percent of parliament seats went to the fundamentalist religious party
coalition, MMA. MMA also captured the Northwest Frontier Province, which
probably shelters Bin Laden and al-Zawahiri, and is in a joint government of
Baluchistan Province, also on the Afghanistan border. If al-Qaeda can kill
Musharraf or instigate a military coup against him by Islamist junior officers,
they can hope to catapult the MMA to power as political allies and hosts. They
would thereby gain control of a major base for terrorist operations, which is
also a nuclear power. All this is highly unlikely, as with most al-Qaeda
crackpot schemes. But so was it unlikely that a small group of Arab mujahidin
would virtually take over Afghanistan. Response: The US must do whatever it can
to strengthen the legitimacy of the Pakistani government. On the one hand, it
should pressure Musharraf to take off his uniform and run for president in a
fair election, and to repeal the contentious "Legal Framework Order" that
essentially perpetuates his dictatorship. On the other, restrictions should be
lifted on the mainstream Muslim League-N and Pakistan People's Party, who can
defeat the MMA in fair elections if not hogtied by the secret police. On the
other hand, the US should strong-arm India and Pakistan into a final settlement
of the Kashmir issue. Al-Zawahiri attempted to use Musharraf's lack of progress
in helping the Muslims of that Indian state as a justification for his
overthrow. The Kashmir issue generates far more terrorism, and even the threat
of nuclear war, than Iraq ever did. 2) Target Israel and encourage the worst
elements of the Palestinians by playing on the iron fist policies of the Sharon
government. Response: The US has succeeded in politically isolating Hamas, and
started the process of cutting off its funding. This terrorist organization can
now only pull off far less sophisticated bombings and attacks. It should
continue to be defanged. But Sharon's iron fist is simply not working as a means
of establishing general peace, and the Bush administration will have to finally
apply effective pressure on Sharon to stop his outrages in and colonization of
the West Bank and Gaza. Sharon's hard line has worked in tandem with Hamas's
terrorism to ratchet up tensions further and further, which spill over into the
Muslim world and serve as a recruiting tool for al-Qaeda in its search for
agents willing to hit the United States. Israel owes the United States at least
this much, in this crisis, to cease militarily unnecessary provocations and
establish genuine peace. 3) Make Iraq another Afghanistan, using the Republican
Right's own tactics against them. Response: Iraq is actually hostile territory
for al-Qaeda, and without Iraqi sympathizers it cannot succeed there. By moving
quickly to Iraqi sovereignty and improvement of Iraqi lives, the US may be able
to get Iraqis on its side, so that they turn in the foreigners. Certainly, the
Shiites already hate al-Qaeda and would help; likewise the Kurds. The problem of
mollifying the Sunnis, though, has to be solved to avoid giving al-Qaeda an
entrée. The Americans have to put away their free-market fetishism for a while
and find ways of creating jobs and pumping money into Iraqi households. We need
an FDR in Iraq, not a Ronald Reagan. Of course, the sooner the US soldiers can
be withdrawn in favor of less-provocative local or international forces, the
better. Getting the Spanish out of Iraq isn't nearly as good a rallying cry for
al-Qaeda in the Arab world as getting the Americans and British out. The thing
to keep in mind is that Sunni Arab nationalists and Baathists and local Sunni
radicals are likely to remain far more dangerous to the US in Iraq than al-Qaeda
infiltrators, and it would be dangerous to take one's eyes off the former ball.

George W. Bush alleged Thursday that John Edwards lacks the experience necessary
to be president. The problem with this argument is that Bush lacked the
experience necessary to be president when he ran in 2000, so this sort of cheap
shot just hoists him by his own petard. Let's just remember a seminal Bush
moment in 1999: ' Bush fails reporter's pop quiz on international leaders
November 5, 1999 Web posted at: 3:29 p.m. EST (2029 GMT) WASHINGTON (CNN) --
Texas Gov. George W. Bush is enduring sharp criticism for being unable to name
the leaders of four current world hot spots, but President Bill Clinton says
Bush "should, and probably will, pick up" those names. The front-runner for the
2000 Republican presidential nomination faltered Thursday in an international
affairs pop quiz posed by Andy Hiller, a political reporter for WHDH-TV in
Boston. Bush Hiller asked Bush to name the leaders of Chechnya, Taiwan, India
and Pakistan. Bush was only able to give a partial response to the query on the
leader of Taiwan, referring to Taiwanese President Lee Teng-hui simply as "Lee."
He could not name the others. "Can you name the general who is in charge of
Pakistan?" Hiller asked, inquiring about Gen. Pervaiz Musharraf, who seized
control of the country October 12. "Wait, wait, is this 50 questions?" asked
Bush. Hiller replied: "No, it's four questions of four leaders in four hot
spots." . . . Bush, in answering the question about the leader of Pakistan, also
said: "The new Pakistani general, he's just been elected -- not elected, this
guy took over office. It appears this guy is going to bring stability to the
country and I think that's good news for the subcontinent." Gore released a
statement Friday taking Bush to task for his comments on Pakistan's recent coup.
"I find it troubling that a candidate for president in our country -- the
world's oldest democracy -- would characterize the military takeover as "good
news," Gore said. "Further, I find it even more disturbing that he made these
comments about a nation that just last year tested nuclear weapons -- shortly
after voicing his public opposition to the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty. A
spokesman for President Clinton also criticized Bush's comments. "It is very
dangerous for this country to condone the overthrow of democratically elected
governments," said David Leavy, spokesman for the National Security Council. Not
only did Bush not know who General Pervez Musharraf was, he seems to have
confused coup-making with "taking office," and moreover went on to suggest that
the overthrow of an elected prime minister and the installation in power of the
Pakistan military, then the world's strongest supporter of the Taliban, would
bring "stability!" Musharraf made his coup in part because of the military's
anger over Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's willingness to back down from
confronting India over Kashmir, so that he explicitly came to power as a
warmonger. I can't tell you how ominous I found Bush's performance in that
interview. I still remember him stuttering about "the General," unable to
remember Musharraf's name. He obviously had no idea what he was talking about,
though he demonstrated a number of ill-fated instincts. He obviously liked
authoritarian rule better than democracy, equating dictatorship with
"stability." And, he didn't think he needed to know anything about South Asia,
with its nuclear giants and radical religious politics--the latter a dire
security threat to the US. He couldn't tell when things were becoming more
unstable as opposed to less. Musharraf went on to play nuclear brinkmanship with
India in 2002, risking war twice that year. Although Musharraf did turn against
the Taliban after September 11, under extreme duress from the US, elements of
his military continued to support radical Islamism and have recently been
implicated in assassination attempts on Musharraf himself. This was the body
that Bush proclaimed was bringing "stability" to the region in fall of 1999. So,
one answer to Bush's charge about Edwards is that if it had any merit, Bush
should have declined to run himself. Another answer is that Edwards certainly
knows far more about foreign affairs now than Bush did then. Indeed, given how
Bush has rampaged around the world alienating allies and ignoring vital
conflicts with the potential to blow back on the US, one might well argue that
Edwards knows more now than Bush does. This is what Edwards' campaign literature
said about his positions: "Edwards believes that the U.S. must be an active
leader to help resolve conflicts, from reducing tensions between India and
Pakistan to the peace process in Northern Ireland. Edwards is a strong supporter
of Israel, and believes that the U.S. has a vital role in promoting peace
between the Israelis and the Palestinians." I don't see Bush doing any of this.

From Friday's Daily Star By Juan Cole Friday, June 04, 2004 As the American
public gradually wearies of the Iraq crisis, some have begun worrying that the
war could blow back on the US by creating the conditions for anti-American
terrorism. Israel, however, is much closer to Iraq and is likely to suffer from
Iraqi instability much more acutely than will the United States. Ironically,
among the strongest proponents of war in Iraq were Israeli Prime Minister Ariel
Sharon and his neoconservative supporters in the US. Have they, however,
actually weakened Israeli security? The biggest threat Israel faces is not from
conventional armies but from the asymmetrical tactics of Palestinian national
liberation movements. The derailing of the Oslo peace process by the hard-line
policies of Sharon and the Palestinian intifada has encouraged suicide bombings.
This, in turn, has discouraged international investment in Israel and has made
it less likely that immigrants to the country will actually remain there.
Although Israel withdrew from Lebanese territory in May 2000, the radical
Lebanese Shiite party, Hizbullah, has not been mollified. It is estimated to
have some 5,000 armed fighters, and they have pursued attacks against Israeli
forces to compel them to withdraw from the Shebaa Farms, a sliver of Syrian
territory that Israel annexed after the 1967 war. Any thorough assessment of the
impact of the Iraq war and its aftermath on Israel's security environment must,
therefore, closely examine its likely effect on the conduct of asymmetrical
warfare. Although it is often alleged (without much evidence) that Saddam
Hussein gave money to the families of Palestinian suicide bombers and so
encouraged asymmetrical warfare, it is not clear that he actually posed a danger
to Israel. The Palestinians who have been willing to kill themselves to end the
Israeli occupation of the Gaza Strip and the West Bank were not driven by
economic considerations. Saddam never did anything practical to help the
Palestinians. At some points, as in the late 1980s, he reportedly made
behind-the-scenes overtures to the Israelis to arrive at some sort of a deal. He
did not allow Palestinian radicals to launch operations against Israel from
Iraq. By the late 1990s, Iraq had no nuclear or biological weapons program, and
had destroyed its chemical weapons stockpiles. Its ramshackle army had virtually
collapsed before the American invasion in 2003. If it is hard to see how
Baathist Iraq posed any real threat to Israel, it is not so difficult to see a
menace in the current instability. The bungling of post-war Iraq by the Bush
administration created a weak and failed state. Armed militias, many staffed by
former Iraqi military men with substantial training and experience, have
proliferated. The US chose to ally itself with such groups as the Supreme
Council for the Islamic Revolution in Iraq, whose 15,000-strong Badr Corps
paramilitary was trained by the Iranian Revolutionary Guards. Anti-Israeli and
pro-Palestinian feeling is strong among several major Iraqi ideological groups
and currents. The more radical Shiites, who generally follow the theocratic
notions of Iran's Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, routinely chant and demonstrate
against Israel. They vehemently protested the Israeli assassination of Sheikh
Ahmed Yassin, the leader of Hamas, last March. Worse for Israel, the
assassination drew a denunciation even from the moderate and cautious Grand
Ayatollah Ali Sistani, who wields enormous moral authority over Iraqi Shiites.
These Shiite movements had been suppressed by Saddam Hussein's regime, but have
now organized and armed themselves. They have also reestablished their
historical links with Lebanese and Iranian Shiites. It is inevitable that most
Iraqi Shiites will side with their Hizbullah coreligionists against Israel, and
it seems likely that Iraqi Shiites will get rich enough from Iraqi petroleum
sales in the future that they will be in a good position to bankroll Lebanese
Shiite radicals. Sunni Arab fundamentalists deeply sympathize with the
Palestinians and with Hamas, and those in Iraq have deep historical inks with
fundamentalists in Jordan and Palestine. Iraqi cities such as Fallujah and
Ramadi were on the truck route from Amman to Baghdad, and so came under the
influence of the Salafi movement, which is popular in Jordan. Secular Arab
nationalist groups also universally sympathize with the Palestinians, and those
in post-Saddam Iraq are no exception. Whereas Saddam Hussein's dictatorship
ensured that such populist currents were kept firmly under control, they are now
free to organize. An Iraq in which armed fundamentalist and nationalist militias
proliferate is inevitably a security worry for Israel. If even a modicum of
normality and security can be returned to Iraq, its citizens will be able to
benefit from the country's petroleum reserves. That private wealth can easily be
funneled into aid for the Palestinians and for Lebanese Shiites. Israel's
security interests are best served by peace with its neighbors, which can only
be achieved by trading land for peace with the Palestinians. Ariel Sharon's
aggressive near annexation of almost half of the occupied West Bank and his
indefinite postponement of any Palestinian state have created unprecedented rage
and violence. The anger has spread throughout the Muslim world, including Iraq.
The promotion by the pro-Zionist right of twin occupations - in the West Bank
and in Iraq - has profoundly weakened, not strengthened, Israeli security. Juan
Cole (www.juancole.com) is a professor of modern Middle East history at the
University of Michigan and author of "Sacred Space and Holy War" (I.B. Tauris,
2002). THE DAILY STAR publishes this commentary in agreement with Agence Global

Tamils feel that the proposed defense agreement between India and Sri Lanka
would encourage Sinhala rulers to prepare for another war abandoning the current
peace process But there are strong hints in the country that a new Indo-Sri
Lanka defense deal could be in the making. And this has already drawn protests
from the Tamil National Alliance (TNA) which was backed by the LTTE in the April
general elections held in Sri Lanka. Apart from the 1,200 Indian lives lost in
1987, the Indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular not only in Tamil
Nadu and the Jaffna peninsula but also among the Sinhalese majority who
considered it a violation of their country's sovereignty. India defensive over
Sri Lanka By Ranjit Devraj NEW DELHI - While India is ready to enter into a
"defense cooperation agreement" with Sri Lanka, it is wary of being drawn into
any military involvement in the island nation's two decades-old civil war that
has seen violent strife between ethnic Tamils and the Sinhalese majority -
leaving over 60,000 dead on both sides. And that explains the delay in the
signing of a formal defense agreement that was at the heart of Sri Lankan
President Chandrika Kumaratunga's four-day visit to India recently. According to
Professor S D Muni, South Asia expert at the Jawaharal Nehru University, the
two-year peace talks between Colombo and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam
(LTTE) are stalemated. For that reason, he said, Kumaratunga's government was
keen to beef up military preparedness with Indian support. "The Sri Lankan
government does not want to initiate a conflict but would be interested in
deterring the LTTE from starting one. And the Tigers look as if they are on the
brink of launching another offensive," Muni told IPS. Colombo held six rounds of
talks with the Tigers between September 2002 and March 2003. But last April, the
rebels abruptly pulled out of negotiations demanding recognition, first, for the
right to self-rule before proceeding any further. Kumaratunga's India tour
preceded a three-day visit to Sri Lanka by Norwegian Foreign Minister Jan
Petersen in a new bid to revive the peace talks that were supposed to follow a
ceasefire that Oslo successfully brokered in February 2002. Petersen held
discussions with both Kumaratunga and the reclusive LTTE leader Velupillai
Prabhakaran in the rebel stronghold of Kilinochchi without success, and chief
Tamil rebel negotiator Anton Balasingham and Norwegian envoy Erik Solheim held
closed-door talks at the international airport late Saturday in an effort to
keep the salvage effort on track, diplomatic sources said. But they, too,
failed. Colombo, too, seems to be in an intractable position. According to
former Indian army general A S Kalkat, the difficulty for Kumaratunga's
government lay in the fact that the LTTE had become a de jure power in the north
and east of the island and was running every aspect of civil administration in
the areas within its control. A veteran of India's military intervention in the
Jaffna peninsula to help implement the 1987 Indo-Sri Lanka Peace Accord - which
ambitiously provided for the disarming of the formidable LTTE - Kalkat said the
new defense deal would essentially be a reiteration of the older one minus its
military commitment. Kalkat, who currently chairs the independent US-based
International Council on Conflict Resolution, said despite the failure of the
Indian army to disarm or even subdue the Tigers, India remained the only power
capable of influencing the course of the current peace talks. "The Norwegians
mean well but their role is limited to that of honest broker and the LTTE is
keenly aware that they do not have the power [unlike India] to underwrite any
arrangement," Kalkat told IPS in an interview. In 1987, the Tamil Tigers
reluctantly accepted the peace accord under Indian pressure. Under the accord, a
new northeastern provincial council was formed and the Indian army was deployed
as peacekeepers in the north and east. However, differences between India and
LTTE soon surfaced and led to clashes between Tiger guerrillas and the Indian
peace keeping force. About 1,200 Indian soldiers were killed during this phase
of the conflict. India had to pull back its forces from Sri Lanka in 1989
following the election of Ranasinghe Premadasa, a strong critic of Indian
mediation. Last June, an international initiative led by Japan to persuade the
LTTE to come back to the negotiating table failed despite an aid package offer
of US$4.5 billion. Japan's special envoy, Yasushi Akashi, who called for
tangible progress in the peace process before the money would be released, came
back from visits to Colombo and Kilinochchi in early November a frustrated man.
He complained about the "visible lack of progress" and reaching an impasse in
talks with both sides. The Tigers' chief ideologue, Balasingham, sniffed at the
proposal saying that "a solution to the ethnic conflict cannot be predetermined
by the resolutions or declarations of donor conferences, but has to be
negotiated by the parties in conflict without the constraints of external
forces." But there are strong hints in the country that a new Indo-Sri Lanka
defense deal could be in the making. And this has already drawn protests from
the Tamil National Alliance (TNA) which was backed by the LTTE in the April
general elections held in Sri Lanka. "Tamils feel that the proposed defense
agreement between India and Sri Lanka would encourage Sinhala rulers to prepare
for another war abandoning the current peace process," TNA member of parliament
P Sithamparanathan was quoted as saying in a statement. She added that recent
visits to the island by India's top military brass including army chief General
Nirmal Chander Vij have "caused apprehension among Tamils that preparations are
under way for another war in the island". But Kalkat pointed out that India
would be ill-advised to be involved again, militarily, with Sri Lanka if only
because it still had to consider the sentiments of 45 million ethnic Tamils in
the Indian state of Tamil Nadu - separated from Sri Lanka's Jaffna peninsula by
the narrow Palk Straits. Apart from the 1,200 Indian lives lost in 1987, the
Indian peacekeeping force was immensely unpopular not only in Tamil Nadu and the
Jaffna peninsula but also among the Sinhalese majority who considered it a
violation of their country's sovereignty. The best option, now, under the
present difficult circumstances is for Colombo to do its own dirty work,
although New Delhi can always be counted on to render good neighborly help
because of the shared belief that religion, ethnicity and language cannot be the
basis for secession. In any case, Kalkat puts it succinctly: "There cannot be a
military option to what is a political situation." Asia Times Online 16/11/2004

Unreported by the international media, the Valley of Kashmir has seen an ethnic
and cultural genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from the valley of almost
all the Hindu families who have been living there since human habitation was
first recorded. Over nine dozen temples that had served the Hindu population
have been destroyed, with some used as building material and others as urinals.
Thus far, none of the many "human rights" busybodies across the world have
bothered to even notice such a development. Musharraf calls the bluff M.D.
Nalapat While most U.S. secretaries of state -- save perhaps Dean Rusk -- have
gobbled up credit for outcomes that they had little to do with, few have been as
brazen as Colin Powell. Two years ago, Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf was
surprised when the leader of the main Islamist alliance -- Maulana Fazlur Rahman
-- visited India and issued a series of highly conciliatory statements. As
Pakistan's president had been telling the United States he was "forced" into
taking a hawkish line on India precisely by the likes of Rahman, this was an
embarrassment. The reality is that India is no longer the enemy of choice for
the people of Pakistan. That distinction has now gone to the United States.
Realists, and this even includes members of the U.S. Democratic foreign policy
establishment such as Strobe Talbott, who have long sought to divest India of
its defensive capability against another nuclear power in Asia, understand the
only feasible solution for Kashmir is the acceptance of the status quo. India
keeps what it has while Pakistan and China (which was gifted a slice of the
territory three decades ago) do likewise. Simultaneously, New Delhi would ensure
a degree of autonomy for the state that would help cut popular support off from
jihadis attempting to convert Kashmir into a second Afghanistan. Bill Clinton
understood this at the end of his term in office yet, under Colin Powell (who
appears to have an affinity for generals active in politics), the pendulum of
U.S. policy has once again swung toward a quixotic effort to prize at least the
Valley of Kashmir loose from India. This, Pakistan's lobbyist in Washington
Christina Rocca has been told, is the "minimum" that the Pakistan army will
accept. It is also far more than what any administration in New Delhi can
deliver. This writer has for years regarded the best solution to the Kashmir
problem as being the trifurcation of the Indian part of the state into a
Hindu-majority Jammu, a Buddhist-dominated Ladakh and the overwhelmingly Muslim
Kashmir Valley, with the third state given little of taxpayers' money but
substantial autonomy. With luck, the Kashmir Valley can attract investment from
the Middle East and other locations where Muslims are dominant and become a
tourist, education and services haven within India. The overwhelming majority of
Muslims in Kashmir would be happy with such an outcome, except for the tiny
jihadi segment patronized by the U.S. State Department and the Pakistan Army,
which would like to even the score with India for their catastrophic defeat in
Bangladesh in 1971. Unreported by the international media, the Valley of Kashmir
has seen an ethnic and cultural genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from
the valley of almost all the Hindu families who have been living there since
human habitation was first recorded. Over nine dozen temples that had served the
Hindu population have been destroyed, with some used as building material and
others as urinals. Thus far, none of the many "human rights" busybodies across
the world have bothered to even notice such a development. Indeed, their reports
are filled with tales of the "atrocities" of Indian troops on the innocent
jihadis. Despite Sept. 11, the United States still supports the Kashmir groups
that back jihad as part of the price Washington is paying to keep Pervez
Musharraf happy. Unfortunately for them, the general has decided to take
seriously Colin Powell's frequent boasts that it was on his nudging that the
Indians made conciliatory gestures toward Islamabad. The U.S. State Department
and the misnamed think tanks that follow its lead have held numerous conferences
on Kashmir and, in most of them, the solution that has emerged is a valley
prized loose from Indian control and under its own version of Ibrahim Rugova.
That India is not Yugoslavia and that the "foreigner-led" Indian National
Congress can least afford to ignore Indian nationalism, has not struck the
conferees, among whom have been several Indian "scholars" and "analysts" ready
to say and endorse anything for the sake of a free trip to New York or Vienna.
Despite many wrinkles, India remains a part-democracy and merely signing on to a
piece of paper that calls for an independent Kashmir does not get you into the
trouble that writing an op-ed piece against Sonia Gandhi or Atal Behari Vajpayee
would instantly. It was the business community in India that stepped in after
Vajpayee indulged in an empty bout of saber rattling in 2002, pointing out that
the only beneficiary of the mythical perception that war -- especially nuclear
war -- was around the corner in the subcontinent was China. The reason for this
is that India is emerging as an alternative investment destination to China,
hence the favor that the generals in Islamabad do to their trusty supplier of
nukes and missiles by creating a scare about war involving India when in fact
the real flashpoints are the Taiwan Straits and North Korea. Since then, India
has talked peace while always signaling that only the status quo would be
acceptable as a final settlement: a line of action that is followed in the case
of disputes with China as well. Unfortunately for those eager to indefinitely
carry on with the lucrative business of conflict resolution in South Asia,
Pervez Musharraf has now called Colin Powell's bluff, challenging him to deliver
on his frequent statements implying that the Indians jump to his commands. Once
the Manmohan Singh government shows that it has little appetite for suicide,
Musharraf will face the moment of truth: accept the inevitable, or once again
ramp up the insurgency and spawn a fresh lot of killers that can hit not merely
Mumbai and New Delhi but London and Chicago as well. The one country that has
shown that it understands the realities in South Asia is China. Under President
Hu Jintao, Beijing has opened out to New Delhi and Prime Minister Wen Jiabao is
expected to visit early next year, making friends by formally accepting Sikkim
as part of India and backing India as a permanent member of the U.N. Security
Council -- thus leaving Washington as the only one of the "permanent five" that
has not yet done so. With Colin Powell around, the U.S. has no need of an Osama
bin Laden M.D. Nalapat, an expert on jihad, is professor of geopolitics at the
Manipal Academy of Higher Education, India. Washington Times 28/10/2004 

Ok. We all know that John Kerry served in Vietnam. Four whole months, after
which he took advantage of a little-known, little-invoked regulation that
allowed him to desert his "band of brothers". We also know how Dan Rather
libeled George Bush and impugned his service in the Texas Air National Guard on
a "60 Minutes II" report based largely on forged documents. During his time in
the Guard, George Bush flew the F-102 Delta Dagger fighter-interceptor. The
F-102 saw service in the Vietnam theater between March 1962 and December 1969.
During this time, F-102 squadrons were based out of Tan Son Nhut, Da Nang and
Bien Hoa in Vietnam, and Udorn and Don Muang in Thailand. ( Click here for
source. ) As far as George Bush knew, he and his unit could have been
transferred to Vietnam. In all this so-called controversy, has anyone considered
that perhaps George Bush just wanted to fly jets? And, let's remember, flying
supersonic fighter jets is dangerous! They don't let just anybody do it. Some
reporters (you know, the ones with journalistic ethics) have actually uncovered
the truth about George Bush's service in the Texas Air National Guard. For
example, did you know that George Bush spent considerably more time in uniform
than John Kerry? What follows is the text of an e-mail sent to me by a friend of
mine (thanks to Dave Manzano). Read on to learn the facts. --------- Bush’s
National Guard years Before you fall for Dems’ spin, here are the facts What do
you really know about George W. Bush’s time in the Air National Guard? That he
didn’t show up for duty in Alabama? That he missed a physical? That his daddy
got him in? News coverage of the president’s years in the Guard has tended to
focus on one brief portion of that time — to the exclusion of virtually
everything else. So just for the record, here, in full, is what Bush did: The
future president joined the Guard in May 1968. Almost immediately, he began an
extended period of training. Six weeks of basic training. Fifty-three weeks of
flight training. Twenty-one weeks of fighter-interceptor training. That was 80
weeks to begin with, and there were other training periods thrown in as well. It
was full-time work. By the time it was over, Bush had served nearly two years.
Not two years of weekends. Two years. After training, Bush kept flying, racking
up hundreds of hours in F-102 jets. As he did, he accumulated points toward his
National Guard service requirements. At the time, guardsmen were required to
accumulate a minimum of 50 points to meet their yearly obligation. According to
records released earlier this year, Bush earned 253 points in his first year,
May 1968 to May 1969 (since he joined in May 1968, his service thereafter was
measured on a May-to-May basis). Bush earned 340 points in 1969-1970. [In other
words, Bush earned enough points to satisfy the requirements for his entire six
year hitch in 1969-1970 alone. - acd] He earned 137 points in 1970-1971. And he
earned 112 points in 1971-1972. The numbers indicate that in his first four
years, Bush not only showed up, he showed up a lot. Did you know that? That
brings the story to May 1972 — the time that has been the focus of so many news
reports — when Bush “deserted” (according to anti-Bush filmmaker Michael Moore)
or went “AWOL” (according to Terry McAuliffe, chairman of the Democratic
National Committee). Bush asked for permission to go to Alabama to work on a
Senate campaign. His superior officers said OK. Requests like that weren’t
unusual, says retired Col. William Campenni, who flew with Bush in 1970 and
1971. “In 1972, there was an enormous glut of pilots,” Campenni says. “The
Vietnam War was winding down, and the Air Force was putting pilots in desk jobs.
In ’72 or ’73, if you were a pilot, active or Guard, and you had an obligation
and wanted to get out, no problem. In fact, you were helping them solve their
problem.” So Bush stopped flying. From May 1972 to May 1973, he earned just 56
points — not much, but enough to meet his requirement. Then, in 1973, as Bush
made plans to leave the Guard and go to Harvard Business School, he again
started showing up frequently. In June and July of 1973, he accumulated 56
points, enough to meet the minimum requirement for the 1973-1974 year. Then, at
his request, he was given permission to go. Bush received an honorable discharge
after serving five years, four months and five days of his original six-year
commitment. By that time, however, he had accumulated enough points in each year
to cover six years of service. During his service, Bush received high marks as a
pilot. A 1970 evaluation said Bush “clearly stands out as a top notch fighter
interceptor pilot” and was “a natural leader whom his contemporaries look to for
leadership.” A 1971 evaluation called Bush “an exceptionally fine young officer
and pilot” who “continually flies intercept missions with the unit to increase
his proficiency even further.” And a 1972 evaluation called Bush “an exceptional
fighter interceptor pilot and officer.” Now, it is only natural that news
reports questioning Bush’s service — in The Boston Globe and The New York Times,
on CBS and in other outlets — would come out now. Democrats are spitting mad
over attacks on John Kerry’s record by the group Swift Boat Veterans for Truth.
And, as it is with Kerry, it’s reasonable to look at a candidate’s entire
record, including his military service — or lack of it. Voters are perfectly
able to decide whether it’s important or not in November. The Kerry camp blames
Bush for the Swift boat veterans’ attack, but anyone who has spent much time
talking to the Swifties gets the sense that they are doing it entirely for their
own reasons. And it should be noted in passing that Kerry has personally
questioned Bush’s service, while Bush has not personally questioned Kerry’s. In
April — before the Swift boat veterans had said a word — Kerry said Bush “has
yet to explain to America whether or not, and tell the truth, about whether he
showed up for duty.” Earlier, Kerry said, “Just because you get an honorable
discharge does not, in fact, answer that question.” Now, after the Swift boat
episode, the spotlight has returned to Bush. That’s fine. We should know as much
as we can. And perhaps someday Kerry will release more of his military records
as well. Byron York is a White House correspondent for National Review. His
column appears in The Hill each week. 

One week to elections day and the general atmosphere in the capital is eerie,
yet strikingly familiar. I suspect the streets of Baghdad will look as if a war
is looming this week. There is no doubt that many Iraqis regard the date of 30
January as a day of renewed hope, one they have been awaiting all their lives,
but at the same time, many others are already dreading it. The interim
government has promised security measures that would reduce the violence on the
day of elections, but I fail to see how they will be able to protect all 5,000
(or so) balloting centres. Many voting centres have already been successfully
attacked or destroyed in many areas. Now that the picture is clear, the two main
competing lists seem to be the United Iraqi Coalition list and Allawi's
Al-Iraqiya list. Ayad Allawi, and other ministers running on his list, have
quite expectedly used their governmental positions in campaigning. One minister
reportedly handed out 100 dollar 'gifts' to journalists attending a press
conference for Allawi, a practice that brings back bad memories to many Iraqis.
Sheikh Naji Al-Abbudi, a spokesman for Sistani, affirmed the claims that the
Grand Ayatollah is backing the United Iraqi Coalition list. Indeed, Sistani's
agents all over the country have been quite active in educating Iraqi Shia on
the merits of elections, which has led to the assassination of at least two of
them. Al-Abbudi stated that "His Emminence" decided to openly support the list
because "others" (obviously a reference to Allawi) have been abusing official
state positions and media outlets in their campaigning. Again there is no
official written statement from Sistani's office confirming this allegation,
which I think is intentional. Ahmed Al-Chalabi and defense minister Hazim
Al-Sha'lan have been engaging in shrill public attacks over the media. Chalabi
describing Sha'lan as a "Ba'athist" and a "former double agent for Saddam and
the CIA", while Sha'lan dismisses Chalabi as a "thief" and an "Iranian stooge
who longs for his own origins by defending Iran". One remark made by Sha'lan on
Al-Arabiya TV, that he couldn't say more about Chalabi because he would
embarrass himself and the viewers almost made me roll on the floor. It was an
extremely amusing episode, watching Chalabi looking smug and amused, contrasted
with Sha'lan, all serious and barely keeping himself from swearing. Fistfights,
please. Hazim Al-Sha'lan, by the way, is the son of the late Sheikh of
Al-Khaza'il in Diwaniya and has the potential to replace former information
minister, M.S. Al-Sahaf, in his nonsensical media statements, which can be
passed as jokes. The main Kurdish coalition list (PUK and KDP) is barely
mentioned outside the Kurdish region. Even there, many Kurds look and act as if
they are going to grab the chance to vote them out of power. I doubt that will
be the outcome though. Many Iraqis, including conservative and religious Iraqis,
are surprisingly rooting for the Iraqi Communist party, probably in an attempt
to counter the influence of Islamists in the forthcoming National Assembly. The
Communist party has the largest number of registered party members in the
country and can be considered as the oldest popular political party in Iraq. Its
support base is much larger than what it seems. *** Several candidates were
assassinated and targeted these last two weeks, others have been forced under
threats to withdraw and to follow the example of the Islamic party. Sectarian
tensions are at their highest since April, 2004, with Sunni insurgents now
openly attacking Husseiniyas and Shia mosques. I had an interesting conversation
with a middle-aged taxi driver who used to live in Fallujah and is now at
relatives in Amiriya, Baghdad. After asking me which tribe I belong to (thus
assessing my sectarian background) he started hurling abuses at the Shia,
calling them Persians, Majoos (fire worshippers), rabid dogs and a handful of
other descriptions that I can't mention here. He described Allawi's face as that
of a f*ed horse and he dismissed the whole government as a band of thieves and
traitors. I didn't argue with him but I asked him what he believed would be a
viable solution to this mess. He said that resistance was the only commonsense
solution. First driving out the Americans, then fighting the Shia back into
submission (as in 1991). Sunni Iraqis contend that elections are impossible to
hold under occupation. Leaving aside the fact that this views conflicts with
other historical examples in the region, Sunnis have never offered an
alternative choice, which eventually leads one to guess that the opinion held by
the Fallujan taxi driver above is precisely what they are planning to implement.
I had another conversation some months ago with a retired Ba'athist old-timer
who claimed that Ba'athists have the means to stage a third coup d'etat and
return to power within 10 hours of an American withdrawal. On sensing my
incredulity to his statement he asserted that Ba'athist cells exist in all parts
of the country and that they do have a central command, even though many have
formed seperate cells (often under Islamic labels) with their own leaderships.
He said that they have the training and the funding as well as the support of
neighbouring and regional governments. I concur that Ba'athists and former
security forces are capable of immediately controlling at least 5 out of 18
governorates, along with the capital, if Americans are to be removed from the
picture entirely. But I also see that as a fatal misconception, which is doing
Sunnis harm, because I don't believe the US is going anywhere so soon. Any
government that assumes power after the elections also realises this, so not
even Sistani is going to call the US to withdraw its troops, despite what he is
saying now, not until they are ensured the insurgency is out of the picture, or
that they have an alternative foreign power (in this case Iran) to back them up.
The only hope now is that, following the elections, the National Assembly would
offer the hand of peace and reconciliation to the dissenting parties. I would
suggest going for tribal Sheikhs rather than clerics, since they have the upper
hand in their areas and can effectively root out any Ba'athists in their midst
in return for a promise of sharing power and authority. Many of these Sheikhs
have been disenfranchised and abused over the last two years. Very recently, US
forces in Al-Anbar made a terrible blunder by accidentally killing Abdul-Razaq
Inad Al-Gu'ud, Sheikh of the Al-Bu Nimr clan from the powerful Dulaym tribe.
Al-Gu'ud had favoured elections and was in good terms with the government. The
Gu'ud family even accepted to be offered the seat of Al-Anbar governor some
months back. The Al-Bu Nimr in Ramadi and Al-Qaim rose in arms against Saddam in
the mid-nineties following the execution of Thamir Madhlum Al-Dulaymi, an Air
Force general belonging to their tribe. The revolt took two weeks to be
suppressed by the Republican Guard. Another bad step was the recent arrest of
Sheikh Hassan Al-Lihabi, of the Lihaib tribe which is scattered between the
governorates of Al-Anbar, Mosul and Salah Al-Din. Al-Lihaibi was running in
elections and is now said to have withdrawn following this incident. I believe
national reconciliation to be the only path forward to a new Iraq. The Shia
cannot live without the Sunnis, and vice versa. Both have shared this country
for the last 14 centuries and there is no possible way that one can live without
the other. Even partition is not a possibility, there are no clear borders
between the two. 

Remember Luis Posada Carriles ? Here's a Miami Herald interview with the relaxed
terrorist and former CIA operative in a luxury condo, published yesterday. ("At
first I hid a lot. I thought the US government was looking for me. Now I hide a
lot less.") Because of such talk, Posada has been taken into custody by
Immigration officials. I can't imagine they wanted to do this. Authorities would
likely have been happy answering questions about Posada's whereabouts with an
indefinite shrug. As recently as last week the official line stated they had no
knowledge he had entered the country. But comfortable among the thugs, Posada
overplayed his hand and embarrassed his old patron, the US government. And
though he'd been a faithful servant, he was not such a player that he could get
away with that. He should have taken a cue from another bomber some pesky
dark-skinned foreigners want extradited, CIA operative Michael Meiring. Posada
should have told any inquisitive journalist at his doorstep something like
Meiring told the single American reporter who bothered following his bloody
trail from the Philippines, that "If this harms me in any way, you will find my
power then, and you'll find out who I am." But then, maybe that wouldn't have
saved him either, because Posada is not Meiring. Posada can be given up, but
Meiring can't. Meiring's crimes are fresh, and wave the false flag which is the
"War on Terror." They happened in the Philippines which, like Pakistan, is an
important and vulnerable node for the business which intelligence agencies and
terrorist organizations conduct with each other. (Ask Terry Nichols about the
Philippines.) The bombings implicated Muslims, and exacerbated regional tensions
which the Bush regime and its friends wearing the brass in the Philippine
military sought to exploit. Posada's crimes, on the other hand, must seem like
ancient history, especially to a people who don't know their history. And to
those who don't even know their crimes, not even that. But will Posada be given
up? I doubt he will be extradited to Venezuela, which is the only way that
question could be answered with a Yes. I expect it will be determined that,
under "Strong Man" Hugo Chavez, Posada could not be guaranteed a fair trial. The
hope may be that Posada can soon be offered to a post-Chavez Allawi-like puppet
in Caracas. Whether such an offer were accepted or declined would make no
difference; justice would not be served then. But Posada's nearly 80 years old,
and the Venezuelan people will ensure that's a vain hope. So instead Posada may
be held indefinitely, in comfortable custody. An embarrassment to the US still,
just not as embarrassing as having the old killer strut about Miami, gloating in
his freedom. Meiring is more than an embarrassment. His case threatens the
consensus fiction of the "War on Terror." So his name will remain unspoken.
Another connection to Philippine terror and weapons smuggling- dating from the
1980s- is alleged in the book Disposable Patriot, by Jack Terrell. Terrell, a
CIA asset originally recruited for the Contra effort, identifies the man
attempting to recruit him into the Philippine scheme as Oliver North...I seem to
recall the object was to smuggle explosives.
http://www.amazon.ca/exec/obidos/ASIN/0915765381/701-3377456-8181939 I've read
the book- it's a first person memoir with the ring of truth, especially since so
much of the wider context has confirmed the allegations of Contra drug
connections that led to Terrell becoming a target for discrediting by the TWIG
counterintelligence group that ran interference for the Contra effort, staffed
by covert ops types including Ollie North, Robert Owen, Vince Cannistaro and
Buck Revell. Peter Dale Scott includes an account of how Terrell's
whistleblowing was stifled by them in his book Cocaine Politics. ... same ole,
same ole... Due to the Judge in the 1983 case ruling that a CIA agent could not
testify using a pseudonym, therefore opening him to cross-examination by Wilson,
the prosecution had a problem. They needed someone that could convince the jury
they had been able to see all relevant documents in CIA files on Wilson. Wilson
was claiming that he had been working for the CIA when he sold the C-4 to
Quaddaffi. The prosecution was charging he was a rogue using his contacts from
former service in both CIA and the 'Office of Naval Intelligence'. Wilson had
been able to show that he'd had more than 80 "non-social contacts" with the CIA
since his retirement in 1971, leaving the prosecution's case in turmoil. Then
Charles A. Briggs came to the rescue. Third ranking CIA officer, Briggs signed a
declaration on February 3rd, 1983, that on November 8th, 1982, he had authorized
a search of CIA records "for any material that in any way pertains to Edwin P.
Wilson, or the various allegations concerning his activities after February
28th, 1971, when he retired from the CIA." The Briggs Declaration states that
with one exception in 1972, Wilson did not work "directly or indirectly" for the
CIA since retiring. http://www.disinfo.com/archive/pages/dossier/id334/pg1/ Last
week, Federal District Judge Lynn Hughes in Huston, Texas, threw out Wilson's
two-decades old conviction. Judge Hughes wrote: `government knowingly used false
evidence against him,' concluding `honesty comes hard to government.'
http://www.bigeye.com/111003.htm
http://www.thekcrachannel.com/news/4503872/detail.html looks like it is rearing
its head again in Louisianna.. Former Pastor, Deputy Implicated In Church Child
Sex Abuse PONCHATOULA, La. -- Sheriff's deputies in Louisiana made a third
arrest Wednesday in the ongoing investigation of a case involving allegations of
sexual abuse of children and animals at a Ponchatoula, La., church. Austin Aaron
Bernard III, 36, was arrested on a charge of aggravated rape of a child under
the age of 13. Police said Bernard confessed to detectives that he had sex with
a young girl in November 2002 and admitted to knowing about sexual acts
involving children and a dog that occurred at Hosanna Church. Tangipahoa Parish
sheriff's deputy Christopher Blair Labat, 24, was booked Tuesday on one count of
aggravated rape and one count of crime against nature. On Monday, Louis
Lamonica, 45, the former pastor of Hosanna Church, was booked with two counts of
aggravated rape and one count of crime against nature after he walked in to the
Livingston Parish Sheriff's Office and said he could implicate others in a
situation at the church that reportedly occurred two years ago. We have a
similar case unravelling up here in the northwest with a murder of a family and
missing children taken for some purpose. If I was Rummy I'd send Posada to Iraq
to blow things up there. yeah, "things"... Yesterday evening, the Posada story
was featured in the public television news show in Germany (ARD, Tagesthemen).
The newly released papers, showing him complicit in the airliner bombing, were
mentioned gandalf Now that's a post I can relate to. You really got me thinking,
I enjoy reading this blog. I don't know how others feel, but I'm definitely
looking into immigration to Canada as an option. The good Ã³l US of A aint what
it used to be. I like yuor blog. Please check out my who let the dog out blog.
hey that's a great blog, I also have a site about los angeles online dating you
can check it out : los angeles online dating This is a excellent blog. Keep it
going. This may be of interest to you I have a free online dating service. It
pretty much covers dating stuff. I'll be sure to come back. Hey I just love your
blog. I also have a dating advice blog/site. I mostly deals with dating advice
Please come and check it out if you get the time! I was searching for dog food
info and found this post. I agree totally! Paul How Would You Like To Know How
YOU Can Live In A Beautiful NEW House That Is Custom-Designed To YOUR
Specifications.........And At NO COST To You? You CAN Do It. And It's Not Hard
To Do.... IF You Know HOW. Don't Let This Pass You By Without At Least Taking A
Look. The Only Catch Is That You HAVE To Have An Income ABOVE $21,000......
And......You HAVE To Follow The Easy Instructions Provided To You.
Get-A-Free-House.com 

+ As the implications of the Andaman Islands situation sink in, Indian
intelligence has inevitably come under scrutiny. In recent months, its
fallibility has become evident. The inability to foresee in advance the
assassination attempt on the pro-India political leader and former Bangladeshi
prime minister Sheikh Hasina Wazed last August 21 at a political rally in Dhaka,
and the recent "coup" by Nepalese King Gyanendra dismissing his government and
imposing a virtual absolute monarchy, are glaring examples of intelligence
failure. + Trouble on India's islands Ramtanu Maitra In early February, India
charged 34 Arakan separatists from Myanmar with hiding in the Landfall Islands,
part of the Andaman Islands group (see end note). These alleged members of the
Arakan Army, the military wing of the National Unity Party in Myanmar, have been
charged with illegal entry. It is likely, but not certain, that they will be
deported to Myanmar. But the news of the Arakan rebels is just the tip of the
iceberg when it comes to growing concern in New Delhi over the security of the
Andaman Islands. Reports are circulating in the intelligence community that the
Andaman Islands are not only thick with Myanmar rebels. It has also become an
arms depot of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE), who operate almost
freely in the Andaman Sea. Information pointing in this direction came to light
after the December 26 tsunami, which took a heavy toll on the Andamans.
Correspondents who flocked in to cover the tsunami found they also had another
story - the miserable security situation surrounding the Indian navy's Far
Eastern Naval Command, now being established along with India's "blue water
navy". Deteriorating security Security problems in the Andaman Sea are not new,
but they have deteriorated during the past few years, in tandem with a
deterioration in the security situation in Bangladesh, Nepal and Bhutan, and
particularly in the northeastern Indian states of Manipur, Nagaland and Tripura.
While the Indian army has become rock-solid in the western front, and has
developed the capability of withstanding any Pakistani adventure in that sector,
it has become highly vulnerable in its eastern sector, where its enemy is not a
national army but a multitude of secessionist, terrorist and drug-running
militants operating between Southeast Asia and northeastern India through
Bangladesh. The Andaman Sea is a major conduit for this traffic, and the 572
large and small islands that constitute the Andaman and Nicobar group are a
natural transit base. The drugs and arms travel in all directions. Since the
"Sea Tigers" of the LTTE, better known as the Tamil Tigers, are the ones who
rule the Andaman Sea: they carry the arms and drugs for their own use and also
to deliver to rebels in Aceh and all along the east coast of Africa. It is old
news that the Tamil Tigers have developed a strong network within South Africa.
This is not unknown to New Delhi. A recent report by a journalist from Port
Blair, in the Andamans, quoted an unnamed official saying that foreigners from
Myanmar, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka have permanently settled in the islands, using
fake Indian ration cards, while citizens of Thailand, China, Indonesia and
Malaysia have migrated temporarily to plunder the natural resources and leave.
"Port Blair, Havelock Islands, Diglipur, Middle Nicobar, Campbell's Bay, Neil
Islands and Rangott are mostly overrun by foreigners," he said. An official
estimate issued in 2003 suggests there are 50,000 "foreigners" in the Andaman
Islands, but unofficial figures are much higher than this. A large number of
them are Bangladeshis, who like millions of their countrymen have left their
densely populated homeland to settle elsewhere. As most of them have few
technical skills, and the Andamans have little demand for them in any case, they
turn to smuggling and other unlawful activities. The presence of the Sea Tigers
in the area with guns, cash and drugs makes the situation extremely dangerous.
Reports from Port Blair make it evident that New Delhi gets little on-the-ground
intelligence, and the Indian Coast Guard is grossly unequipped to deal with the
surge of illegal migrants to the islands. One unnamed naval officer was quoted
saying, "Arms smuggling is a very profitable business in this region."
Considering the islands' huge strategic importance, it is amazing how lax New
Delhi has been. These islands sit aside the vital sea lanes of the Strait of
Malacca, through which 300 tankers and merchant ships pass daily, bringing in
oil for the Far East and Southeast Asia. Intelligence lapses As the implications
of the Andaman Islands situation sink in, Indian intelligence has inevitably
come under scrutiny. In recent months, its fallibility has become evident. The
inability to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the pro-India
political leader and former Bangladeshi prime minister Sheikh Hasina Wazed last
August 21 at a political rally in Dhaka, and the recent "coup" by Nepalese King
Gyanendra dismissing his government and imposing a virtual absolute monarchy,
are glaring examples of intelligence failure. With growing economic and military
power, India will be dependent on smaller nations in the region increasingly to
maintain regional security. Unless New Delhi does better in providing security
to its own nationals against rebels, secessionists, drug runners and arms
traffickers, it will not generate much confidence in the capitals of surrounding
nations. In fact, it would tend to encourage more organized anti-India outfits,
such as the Pakistani Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) and outside-linked
Maoists, to exploit these networks and weaken India's eastern flank. Indian
intelligence's lackluster performance in dealing with the LTTE is startling.
This formidable enemy, which gave the Indian army a black eye in the mid-1980s,
has been operating in northeastern India and in the Andaman Sea for a long time.
In 2001, according to Indian army officials, security forces launched a
wide-ranging operation in the 300-some inhabited islands neighboring Andaman and
Nicobar, and found huge caches of arms. The arms were said to belong to the LTTE
and "other terrorist groups". The search-and-destroy operation was carried out
by the Indian government after repeated requests from Colombo. In addition, LTTE
activity in the Andaman Sea is well known to local observers. The biggest LTTE
maritime disaster was reported in the now-defunct Asiaweek in 2001. A shipment
of weapons, ammunition and explosives, believed to have been purchased from
Cambodia and worth several million dollars, left the port of Phuket in Thailand
in early February 2001 aboard the freighter Comex-Joux 3. As is LTTE standard
procedure, the vessel changed its name at sea to Horizon. On its journey across
the Bay of Bengal the freighter was tracked by the Indian navy and Orissa-based
spy planes of India's Aviation Research Center; it was intercepted by Indian
naval vessels off Sri Lanka's east coast. LTTE arms-running In 1997, the Thai
navy reported the interception of a 16-meter boat after a chase off the Thai
port of Ranong, and the confiscation of two tons of weapons and ammunition.
Among the weapons intercepted were two rocket-propelled-grenade launchers, 20
assault rifles, M-79 grenade launchers and more than 10,000 rounds of
ammunition. Four persons were arrested, reportedly belonging to the Manipur
Revolutionary People's Front. Six crew members were from the Arakan region of
Myanmar. The boat was heading toward Cox's Bazar in Bangladesh. Until 1995 the
LTTE maintained a base at Twante, an island off the coat of Myanmar, west of the
Andaman islands. Subsequently, Phuket became the LTTE's main backup base. A Sri
Lanka-born Tamil with a Norwegian passport was arrested by Thai authorities in
2000 for his links with the LTTE. At the time of his arrest, the suspect was
allegedly involved in constructing a "submarine" in a shipyard on the island of
Sirae near Phuket on the Andaman Sea coast. Steady buildup The real threat to
the Andaman Islands is the steady building-up of ports and conduits that serve
the Tamil Tigers and a host of less-strong militant groups. Over the past
decade, Bangladesh has steadily moved into a state of lawlessness. A number of
extremist groups, under the cover of the Islamist movement, have become active
in drug trafficking, gun running and anti-Indian activities. It is widely
acknowledged that the Pakistani ISI has nurtured a number of extremist Islamist
groups, such as the Harkat-ul-Jehad-al-Islami, in the port city of Chittagong,
and put a number of secessionist rebels from India's northeast in touch with
this terrorist network. As a result, north of the Andaman Islands, Bangladeshi
coastal areas have become a nest of terrorists involved in the shipment of drugs
and arms. A pattern of arrests and seizures indicate that arms are brought by
the LTTE from Laos, Cambodia and Thailand into Chittagong, from where they are
transported northward by land to Bhutan. The route from Kalikhola in Bhutan to
Cox's Bazar passes through northern Bengal, Assam and Meghalaya, and on into
Chittagong. Note India's Andaman and Nicobar Islands comprise more than 500
islands lying 1,000 kilometers east of Sri Lanka in the Bay of Bengal.
Stretching 750 kilometers from end to end, they reach from near the coast of
Myanmar almost to Sumatra in Indonesia. The Ten Degree Channel divides the
Andamans, which are the larger and more heavily populated northern islands, from
the 20 or so Nicobar Islands in the south. On South Andaman, the most heavily
populated island, is Port Blair, which is the capital and the only large town in
the entire archipelago. Travel to the Nicobar Islands is forbidden to
non-Indians, and they are also not allowed in some parts of South Andaman
Island. Ramtanu Maitra writes for a number of international journals and is a
regular contributor to the Washington-based EIR and the New Delhi-based Indian
Defense Review. He also writes for Aakrosh, India's defense-tied quarterly
journal. 

[ Karzai also has to deal with the stepped up rivalry between India and Pakistan
in Afghanistan. Islamabad accuses New Delhi of using its consulates in Kandahar
and Jalalabad to train Balochi insurgents who are active in Pakistani
Balochistan. Pakistani officials claim there are as many as 42 RAW agents based
in Kandahar and another 12 in Jalalabad. “There have no business being there
unless they are undermining Pakistan,’’ says a Pakistani official. Both India
and Afghanistan deny the claim. ‘’Should Pakistan show us any evidence of an
Indian hand using Afghan soil to work against our neighbours we will take it
very seriously,” says Amrullah Saleh the head of Afghanistan’s National Security
Directorate. ] Karzai, Musharraf new regional equations KABUL: For the past 25
years landlocked Afghanistan has suffered from constant interference from its
neighbours - Pakistan, Iran and the Central Asian Republics - and regional
powers -Russia and India. The neighbours are still interfering, but there are
signs that rather than undermining Afghanistan’s stability they may now be
trying to strengthen it. “The elections should be a reassurance to all our
neighbours that a stable Afghanistan, a peaceful Afghanistan is good for all.
Nobody should feel a looser in Afghanistan,’’ President Hamid Karzai told
Pakistan’s English daily The Nation. All the regional countries have publicly
backed the Karzai government and supported the electoral process, but serious
undercurrents remain as they all have their favourite contenders in Afghanistan.
Since September 11, Pakistan has been repeatedly accused by Afghan and Western
leaders of harbouring Taliban extremists who had pledged to disrupt the
elections, but at the highest level the US has avoided criticising President
Pervaiz Musharraf on the grounds that he is helping the US catch Al Qaeda
elements inside Pakistan. That changed on September 22 when President George W.
Bush, Musharraf and Karzai held a three way meeting in New York on the sidelines
of the UN General Assembly. The meeting was pushed together by the CIA and the
US Defence Department who were desperately anxious to secure a peaceful election
in Afghanistan and the non-interference of alleged Pakistani backed Taliban.
Western and Afghan diplomats intimately involved with the meeting, said Bush
pushed Musharraf hard on reigning in the Taliban so the elections could take
place peacefully. ‘’Where are Mullah Omar, Mullah Usmani and Gulbuddin
Hikmetar?’’ Bush is reported to have asked a flustered Musharraf. All three are
extremist Taliban or their allies and known to be living in Pakistan. (Mullah
Omar is leader of the Taliban, Usmani is the former corps commander of Kandahar
under the Taliban regime and now a commander of Taliban forces while Hikmetyar
heads the extremist Hizb-e-Islami.) ‘’It was the first time that Bush totally
focused on the Taliban threat rather than Al Qaeda with the Pakistanis,’’ says a
Western diplomat. ‘’Bush was very well briefed before the meeting,’’ the
diplomat said. An Afghan official at the meeting added, ‘’The Americans now
realise that the Taliban are a bigger threat to our security than Al Qaeda.’’
Karzai was clearly pleased at the results. ‘’President Musharraf promised to
help us and cooperate with us on curbing terrorist activity by the Taliban,’’
says Karzai. The next day an angry Musharraf categorically said that Pakistan
would not send Pakistani troops to Iraq, a clear snub to the Americans. Until
then he had said Pakistan’s options were open. However Pakistani officials
insist that the decision was unconnected to the tripartite meeting. US and NATO
military officers in Kabul say it is too early to say whether Bush’s tough
message was instrumental in persuading Musharraf and the ISI to pressure the
Taliban to restrain from disrupting the elections. However there were visible
signs of a crackdown on the Pakistan side. ‘’Pakistan now has a large force
deployed in Baluchistan which was not there before,’’ says Lt. General David
Barno. ‘’There is much better tactical cooperation between our forces on both
sides of the border, but the movement of Taliban still goes on both ways,’’ he
adds. Also several days before the elections Pakistan closed the border crossing
point at Chaman in Baluchistan which is a key entry point for the Taliban into
Afghanistan. However US military officers say regular army officers - many of
them Pashtun - leading units of the Frontier Corps who are on the border remain
deeply sympathetic to the Taliban and the mullahs of the JUI. At the same time
the US remains oblivious of the serious problems and political fallout which the
army is facing in its operations in Waziristan. Not only is the army facing
serious political fallout, growing anti-Americanism and anti-army feeling in the
tribal areas but it is also taking heavy casualties -between 400-500 Pakistani
soldiers have been killed in the region since March. Musharraf has always
maintained that the US has never provided actionable intelligence about Taliban
leaders hiding in Baluchistan. That too may change. US and Afghan intelligence
will shortly be presenting the ISI with a list of Taliban extremists and their
suspected whereabouts. Moreover there are now major covert attempts under way to
try and bring back to Kabul leading Taliban commanders, who have been living
quietly in Pakistan and have taken no part in the Taliban insurgency. With the
Taliban failure to disrupt the Afghan elections, the militants are even more
isolated from the mainstream Taliban who want to return home. Until now Pakistan
has not facilitated such a return and clearly it cannot happen until there is
both a pull from Kabul and a push from Islamabad. With President Karzai certain
to win the elections and the demotion of key former Northern Alliance figures
such as General Fahim and warlord Ismail Khan, there is now little reason for
moderate Taliban leaders to fear reprisals from former Northern Alliance figures
if they return home. Their removal should also provide increased motivation for
Pakistan to help the return of moderate Taliban. Afghan officials welcomed the
appointment on October 3 of Lt. General Ashfaq Kiyani as the new ISI chief.
Kayani is well known and liked in Kabul as during the last year he led the
Pakistani delegation in the tripartite military meetings with the Afghan and US
military on issues related to border issues. Karzai also has to deal with the
stepped up rivalry between India and Pakistan in Afghanistan. Islamabad accuses
New Delhi of using its consulates in Kandahar and Jalalabad to train Balochi
insurgents who are active in Pakistani Balochistan. Pakistani officials claim
there are as many as 42 RAW agents based in Kandahar and another 12 in
Jalalabad. “There have no business being there unless they are undermining
Pakistan,’’ says a Pakistani official. Both India and Afghanistan deny the
claim. ‘’Should Pakistan show us any evidence of an Indian hand using Afghan
soil to work against our neighbours we will take it very seriously,” says
Amrullah Saleh the head of Afghanistan’s National Security Directorate. Karzai
categorically said that he has assured Musharraf repeatedly that any adverse
action against Pakistan taken by Indian diplomats inside Afghanistan would be
acted upon swiftly. Senior US diplomats and military officials have warned India
also. In a major regional shift reflecting the newly strengthened position of
Karzai, Iran, Russia and India which have traditionally backed the Tajik
dominated former Northern Alliance made strenuous efforts to convince
presidential candidate Younis Qanooni to strike a deal with Karzai before the
elections and not to oppose Karzai. Iran in particular feared that Qanooni would
loose and then be politically isolated from the mainstream. Qanooni refused to
accept the Iranian advice as his fellow Panjsheri Tajiks urged him to stand
against Karzai. However since the elections Iranian influence has proved
critical in convincing the Hazara Shia candidate Mohammed Mohaqeq to accept the
results of the elections and later convincing Qanooni to do the same. With the
US military presence posing a threat on their borders in both Iraq and
Afghanistan, Iran’s moderate leadership is keen to help stabilise Karzai so that
the US presence in Afghanistan is reduced. However powerful hardliners in Tehran
may be trying to undermine that strategy and a new issue is likely to deepen the
rift with the moderates. Iranian officials are deeply concerned about the US
occupation of Shindand, a massive Soviet-era airbase just 30 kilometres from
Iran’s border. The enhanced US presence in western Afghanistan was only made
possible after the ousting of Ismail Khan, the warlord and Governor of Herat
province last month, who was a close ally of Iranian hardliners. Iranian
officials say they made no objections to Khan’s ouster because they want to
strengthen Karzai’s campaign against warlords. At a time of heightened tensions
between Tehran and Washington over Iran’s nuclear weapons program and calls by
neo-conservatives in Washington that a second Bush term should deal with Iran
aggressively, the Iranians fear that Shindand could be used as a listening post,
spying facility and even a launching pad for any future US actions against Iran.
Afghan officials say the Americans have moved over 100 Special Forces and
helicopters to Shindand. However General Barno insists the US presence poses no
threat to Iran. ‘’We have a very small number of forces in Shindand with a few
helicopters,’’ says Barno. Nevertheless this places Karzai in a difficult and
sensitive situation because he has to maintain excellent relations with both the
US and Iran. ‘’Afghanistan has had the benefit of cooperation from both the US
and Iran. So far what they have done together has been good for us and that’s
how we would like to keep it’’, says Karzai. Nobody can claim that the
interference of Afghanistan’s neighbours is over, but the elections will do much
to strengthen Karzai and deal more firmly with neighbours’ interference. In the
post election scenario it is becoming abundantly clear that the Taliban do not
have the support of the Afghan people nor the Afghan Pashtuns. In a highly
significant move Afghan Pashtun tribes along the Pakistan border warned the
Taliban in Quetta and Chaman that if they try and disrupt the elections, they
would be resisted. Many Taliban living in Afghanistan voted for President
Karzai. It is now abundantly clear that with the rapidly changing face of
Afghanistan, the demise of key Northern Alliance figures and the fluid political
situation in Afghanistan, Pakistan should reconsider its policy of giving
unlimited sanctuary to Taliban extremists living on Pakistani soil. Pakistan
Link 16/10/2004 

The debate that a handful of Texas multi-millionnaires close to the Bush family
have cleverly manufactured over John Kerry's war record is absurd in every way.
The charges that they have put some vets up to making against Kerry are false
and can be demonstrated by the historical record to be false . Most of those
making the charges have even flip-flopped, contradicting themselves. Or they
weren't eyewitnesses and are just lying. But to address the substance of this
Big Lie is to risk falling into its logic. The true absurdity of the entire
situation is easily appreciated when we consider that George W. Bush never
showed any bravery at all at any point in his life. He has never lived in a war
zone. If some of John Kerry's wounds were superficial, Bush received no wounds.
(And, a piece of shrapnel in the forearm that caused only a minor wound would
have killed had it hit an eye and gone into the brain; the shrapnel being in
your body demonstrates you were in mortal danger and didn't absent yourself from
it. That is the logic of the medal). Kerry saved a man's life while under fire.
Bush did no such thing. What was Bush doing with his youth? He was drinking. He
was drinking like a fish, every night, into the wee hours. For decades. He gave
no service to anyone, risked nothing, and did not even slack off efficiently.
The history of alcoholism and possibly other drug use is a key issue because it
not only speaks to Bush's character as an addictive personality, but may tell us
something about his erratic and alarming actions as president. His explosive
temper probably provoked the disastrous siege of Fallujah last spring, killing
600 Iraqis, most of them women and children, in revenge for the deaths of 4
civilian mercenaries, one of them a South African. (Newsweek reported that Bush
commanded his cabinet, "Let heads roll!") That temper is only one problem. Bush
has a sadistic streak. He clearly enjoyed, as governor, watching executions. His
delight in killing people became a campaign issue in 2000 when he seemed, in one
debate, to enjoy the prospect of executing wrong-doers a little too much. He has
clearly gone on enjoying killing people on a large scale in Iraq. Drug abuse can
affect the ability of the person to feel deep emotions like empathy. Two decades
of pickling his nervous system in various highly toxic substances have left Bush
damaged goods. Even for those who later abstain, "visual-spatial abilities,
abstraction, problem solving , and short-term memory, are the slowest to
recover." That he managed to get on the wagon (though with that pretzel
incident, you wonder how firmly) is laudable. But he suffers the severe effects
of the aftermath, and we are all suffering along with him now, since he is the
most powerful man in the world. We all know by now that Bush did not even do his
full service with the Texas Air National Guard, absenting himself to work on the
Alabama senate campaign of Winton "Red" Blount. Whether he was actually AWOL
during this stint is unclear. But it is clear that not only did Bush slack off
on his National Guard service, but he slacked off from his campaign work. This
little-noted interview with Blount's nephew Murph Archibald, which appeared on
National Public Radio's "All Things Considered on March 30, 2004, gives a
devastating insight into what it was like to have to suffer through Bush in that
period. "All Things Considered (8:00 PM ET) - NPR March 30, 2004 Tuesday This
campaign season, there have been questions about whether George W. Bush
fulfilled his obligations to the National Guard as a young lieutenant in the
early 1970s. For weeks, reporters scoured Alabama in search of pilots or anyone
who might have remembered seeing Mr. Bush at the time he was serving in the
National Guard there. There is one place in Alabama where Mr. Bush was present
nearly every day: the headquarters in Montgomery of US Senate candidate Winton
"Red" Blount. President Bush has always said that working for Blount was the
reason he transferred to the Alabama Air National Guard. NPR's Wade Goodwyn has
this report about Mr. Bush's time on that campaign. WADE GOODWYN reporting: In
1972, Baba Groom was a smart, funny young woman smack-dab in the middle of an
exciting US Senate campaign. Groom was Republican Red Blount's scheduler, and in
that job, she was the hub in the campaign wheel. Ask her about the handsome
young man from Texas, and she remembers him 32 years later like it was
yesterday. Ms. BABA GROOM (Former Campaign Worker): He would wear khaki trousers
and some old jacket. He was always ready to go out on the road. On the phone,
you could hear his accent. It was a Texas accent. But he just melded with
everybody. GOODWYN: The candidate Mr. Bush was working for, Red Blount, had
gotten rich in Alabama in the construction business. Prominent Southern
Republicans were something of a rare breed in those days. Blount's support of
the party led him to be appointed Richard Nixon's postmaster general. In
Washington, Blount became friends and tennis partners with Mr. Bush's father,
then Congressman Bush. That was how 26-year-old Lieutenant Bush came to
Montgomery, at his father's urging . . . It was Mr. Bush's job to organize the
Republican county chairpersons in the 67 Alabama counties. Back in 1972 in the
Deep South, many rural counties didn't have much in the way of official
Republican Party apparatus. But throughout Alabama, there were Republicans and
Democrats who wanted to help Red Blount. It was the young Texan's job to find
out what each county leader needed in the way of campaign supplies and get those
supplies to them. Groom says this job helped Mr. Bush understand how even in a
statewide Senate campaign, politics are local. . . . Murph Archibald is Red
Blount's nephew by marriage, and in 1972, he was coming off a 15-month tour in
Vietnam in the infantry. Archibald says that in a campaign full of dedicated
workers, Mr. Bush was not one of them. Mr. MURPH ARCHIBALD (Nephew of Red
Blount): Well, I was coming in early in the morning and leaving in mid-evenings.
Ordinarily, George would come in around noon; he would ordinarily leave around
5:30 or 6:00 in the evening. GOODWYN: Archibald says that two months before the
election, in September of '72, Red Blount's campaign manager came to him and
asked that he quietly take over Mr. Bush's job because the campaign materials
were not getting out to the counties. Mr. ARCHIBALD: George certainly didn't
seem to have any concerns about my taking over this work with the campaign
workers there. My overall impression was that he didn't seem as interested in
the campaign as the other people who were working at the state headquarters.
GOODWYN: Murph Archibald says that at first, he didn't know that Mr. Bush was
serving in the Air National Guard. After he found out from somebody else,
Archibald attempted to talk to Mr. Bush about it. The president was a lieutenant
and Archibald had been a lieutenant, too; he figured they had something to talk
about. Mr. ARCHIBALD: George didn't have any interest at all in talking about
the military. In fact, when I broached the subject with him, he simply changed
the subject. He wasn't unpleasant about it, but he just changed the subject and
wouldn't talk about it. GOODWYN: Far from Texas and Washington, DC, Mr. Bush
enjoyed his freedom. He dated a beautiful young woman working on the campaign.
He went out in the evenings and had a good time. In fact, he left the house he
rented in such disrepair--with damage to the walls and a chandelier
destroyed--that the Montgomery family who owned it still grumble about the
unpaid repair bill. Archibald says Mr. Bush would come into the office and, in a
friendly way, offer up stories about the drinking he'd done the night before,
kind of as a conversation starter. Mr. ARCHIBALD: People have different ways of
starting the days in any office. They're going to talk about their kids, they're
going to talk about football, they're going to talk about the weather. And this
was simply his opening gambit; he would start talking about that he had been out
late the night before drinking. GOODWYN: Archibald says the frequency with which
Mr. Bush discussed the subject was off-putting to him. Mr. ARCHIBALD: I mean, at
that time, I was 28; George would have been 25 or 26. And I thought it was
really unusual that someone in their mid-20s would initiate conversations,
particularly in the context of something as serious as a US senatorial campaign,
by talking about their drinking the night before. I thought it unusual and,
frankly, inappropriate. GOODWYN: According to Archibald, Mr. Bush would also
sometimes tell stories about his days at Yale in New Haven, and how whenever he
got pulled over for erratic driving, he was let go after the officers discovered
he was the grandson of a Connecticut US senator. Archibald, a middle-class
Alabama boy--who, by the way, is now a registered Democrat--didn't like that
story. Mr. ARCHIBALD: He told us whenever he was stopped, as soon as the law
enforcement found out that he was the grandson of Prescott Bush, they would let
him go. And he would always laugh about that. " Goodwyn dutifully notes that
Baba Groom didn't remember George telling drunk stories. But that means nothing,
since they weren't the sort of things guys like Bush told the "girls". He was
trying to buddy with Archibald and impress him. Again, decades of this sort of
behavior do not leave a person untouched. Our world is in crisis and our
Republic is in danger. It should not be left in the hands of a man who spent his
life like this. 

When the cities are on fire with the burning flesh of men Just remember that
death is not the end And you search in vain to find just one law abiding citizen
Just remember that death is not the end - Bob Dylan Afraid I don't have time
today to discuss these, but some stories need attention: From Wednesday's Mirror
the headline, "Have 200,000 AK47s Fallen Into the Hands of Iraq Terrorists?"
(also see this thread on the RI discussion board): Some 200,000 guns the US sent
to Iraqi security forces may have been smuggled to terrorists, it was feared
yesterday. The 99-tonne cache of AK47s was to have been secretly flown out from
a US base in Bosnia. But the four planeloads of arms have vanished. Orders for
the deal to go ahead were given by the US Department of Defense. But the work
was contracted out via a complex web of private arms traders . And the Moldovan
airline used to transport the shipment was blasted by the UN in 2003 for
smuggling arms to Liberia, human rights group Amnesty has discovered. It follows
a separate probe claiming that thousands of guns meant for Iraq's police and
army instead went to al-Qaeda . Amnesty chief spokesman Mike Blakemore said:
"It's unbelievable that no one can account for 200,000 assault rifles. If these
weapons have gone missing it's a terrifying prospect." American defence chiefs
hired a US firm to take the guns, from the 90s Bosnian war, to Iraq. But air
traffic controllers in Baghdad have no record of the flights, which supposedly
took off between July 2004 and July 2005. A coalition forces spokesman confirmed
they had not received "any weapons from Bosnia" and added they were "not aware
of any purchases for Iraq from Bosnia". Nato and US officials have already
voiced fears that Bosnian arms - sold by US, British and Swiss firms - are being
passed to insurgents. A NATO spokesman said: "There's no tracking mechanism to
ensure they don't fall into the wrong hands. There are concerns that some may
have been siphoned off." This year a newspaper claimed two UK firms were
involved in a deal in which thousands of guns for Iraqi forces were re-routed to
al-Qaeda. The Moldovan airline is Aerocom, and yes , it's one of Victor Bout's .
It's always a bang-your-head-against-the-wall moment, reading again the play the
incompetence theory receives, even from some of the Administration's harshest
mainstream critics. But then, even to talk of an "administration" may be
misdirection at this point, given how little representative government means in
the United States these days, and how much of "national security" has been
privatized into a global gangland of drugs and guns. Like the tens of billions
of dollars that have been "lost" in Iraq, planeloads of arms don't just
"vanish"; not when the Pentagon contracts the work to an international criminal
of Bout's untouchable stature. But Bout's name isn't likely to be mentioned in
whatever coverage this story receives, before it sinks like so many others
beneath the media's frothing triviality. Meanwhile, a decision's been reached in
the trial of Toledo priest Gerald Robinson. And it's guilty : The Rev. Gerald
Robinson appeared stony-faced as the jury's guilty verdict was read, and he
blinked repeatedly and glanced at his lawyers before being led away in
handcuffs. ... The crime occurred in the sacristy adjoining the hospital chapel
in downtown Toledo on the Saturday before Easter in 1980. Investigators said the
nun, Margaret Ann Pahl, 71, was strangled and then stabbed, with nine wounds on
her chest forming the shape of an inverted cross, a well-recognized Satanic
symbol. An altar cloth was draped over her half-naked body, which was posed as
if she had been sexually assaulted. "It was about how he could humiliate her the
most," prosecutor Dean Mandros said in closing arguments. "He left a message for
everyone to see ... maybe to God himself." After the sentencing one of
Robinson's tearful supporters "turned to Claudia Vercellotti, a local leader of
the Survivors Network for Those Abused by Priests [SNAP], who had helped reopen
the case, and told her, 'I hope you rot in hell!'" From SNAP's statement on the
Robinson conviction: More than ever, police and prosecutors have the tools and
the will to go after horrific crimes, even when the defendants are seemingly
powerful individuals or institutions . When victims and witnesses stay silent,
nothing changes. When victims and witnesses speak up, at least sometimes a child
is protected, the truth is exposed, and justice is done. The murder weapon,
Robinson's letter opener: Finally, from an email, a follow-up on the reopening
of the investigation into the Atlanta Child Murders : Dekalb County Police Chief
Louis Graham...the man who reopened the investigations last year, is
mysteriously stepping down. And of all the people who the county is getting to
find a replacement...is none other than Lee Brown, the original supervisor of
the Atlanta PD, who was in office during the murders and the subsequent
investigation. SNAP is right in part. Police and prosecutors have the tools. The
will is another matter. Some do, individually. But institutionally? That's still
the domain of those who don't. lots of important stories out there today
jeff....thank god and a few good souls for that conviction. Have you sent this
to congress yet? talk about law enforcement not having the will... CRACKDOWN ON
POLYGAMY GROUP Small polygamous groups have existed in the southwestern US under
the watchful yet fairly benign eye of authorities ever since a sect known as the
Fundamentalist Latter Day Saints (FLDS) separated itself from mainstream
Mormonism in 1890. ... Now, FLDS leader Warren Jeffs has been added to the FBI's
list of "Ten Most Wanted Fugitives," a move that caps law enforcement's dramatic
change of approach toward the polygamous group in recent years...[because of]
the impact that the group's practices, law enforcement officials say, are having
on the most vulnerable within the sect, particularly children and women. When
the FLDS under Mr. Jeffs (and his father before him) grew to some 10,000
followers in several southwestern communities with estimated assets of $110
million; when it became clear that government officials, school authorities, and
police in those communities had become intertwined with the sect; when
ex-members increasingly reported child and sexual abuse charges (mainly
involving underage girls forced to marry older men); and when the sect began to
use secluded compounds, state and federal authorities started to crack down more
vigorously. ... Specifically, Jeffs is charged in Utah and Arizona with sexual
assault of underage girls and with arranging "spiritual" marriages for girls and
older men. At weekend press conferences in Salt Lake City and Phoenix, FBI and
state officials said Jeffs "is considered armed and dangerous and may be
traveling with armed bodyguards." In the past, he has talked in apocalyptic
terms about a violent end to the world, according to former members. ... As with
Christian Identity and other hate-related philosophies tied to the Aryan Nations
and the neo-Nazi Creativity Movement, Jeffs has preached racism as well. "The
black race is the people through which the devil has always been able to bring
evil unto the earth," Jeffs has said as cited by the Southern Poverty Law
Center's "Intelligence Report." An editorial in the church-owned Deseret Morning
News in Salt Lake City earlier this year acknowledged that "the state's history,
a conservative belief in free choice, and an unwillingness to stir up a hornet's
nest in the national media have likely all contributed to the kid-glove approach
lawmakers and law-enforcement officers have taken when dealing with polygamous
communities." http://www.csmonitor.com/2006/0509/p02s01-ussc.html?s=t5 Maybe I'm
missing something here, but how, exactly, does one 'Loose' 200,000 AK47's?
"There's no tracking mechanism in place"?!?!? Never mind. No need to worry. I'm
sure this kind of thing goes on all the time. We now return you to your
regularly scheduled programming.... just go here, its simply amazing The Raw
Story i count like 14 explosive headlines. Then, of course, there is the
evidence the jury did not hear about in the Robinson case... Funny how some
things are squirelled away by well-meaning prosecutors... Maybe because they
hint at a larger conspiracy/network of abusers/satanic underground? I read of a
case not long ago when some people were trying to get a polygamous judge taken
off the bench for not obeying state law. Of course law enforcement has dragged
it's feet when members are taking part in the activity themselves. Personally I
don't give a damn what adults do to one another as long as there is no abuse
invovled. It is the marrying off of young girls to older men often close
relatives that enfurates me. Also these cults have multimillions yet the women
and kids live in poverty so the leaders can live the high life. In the Warren
Jeffs cult he reassigns wives if the husband displeases him or to reward the new
husband. Husbands marry mothers and teen daughters at the same time. a rare form
of retardation is showing up in that group more than anywhere else in the world.
It is genetic and the child needs to get the gene from both parents to turn into
a vegetable instead of a thinking child. The doctor begs them to stop
intermarrying but they say they have to keep the blood pure. look up fumarase
deficiency for more info. Also look up the kingston family. One member actually
was convicted of beating his teen daughter unconcious when she ran away from
'marriage' to her father's own brother. no one was charged for forced marriage,
only the beating. So we "lost" some weapon? It's a good thing too. We wouldn't
want those terrorists to run out of shit to shoot at us. Then the war might stop
& all those juicy profits would just evaporate. What's a few dead soldiers in
comparison to keeping all those defense contractors awash in all that tax cash?
They really are milking the incompetence angle though, aren't they? Just another
big Iraq whoopsie daisy, huh? Christ, you'd think America would get a bit tired
of these guys treating her like she was populated with nothing but gullible
idiots. I suppose that it's damn lucky for the GOP that she is populated with
gullible idiots. US outsourcing special ops, intelligence to Iraq terror group,
intelligence officials say The Pentagon is bypassing official US intelligence
channels and turning to a dangerous and unruly cast of characters in order to
create strife in Iran in preparation for any possible attack, former and current
intelligence officials say...
http://www.rawstory.com/news/2006/US_outsourcing_special_operations_intelligence_gathering_0413.html
A country deserves the leaders it has, my friends... And MEK -- the Iranian (not
Iraqi) terror group in question -- is itself unquestionably a cult: As the
leaders like to boast, the Mujahedeen is a family affair. (''We have three
generations of martyrs: grandmothers, mothers, daughters.'') Most of the girls I
was meeting had grown up in Mujahedeen schools in Ashraf, where they lived
separated from their parents. Family visits were allowed on Thursday nights and
Fridays. When Iraq invaded Kuwait, many of these girls were transported to
Jordan and then smuggled to various countries -- Germany, France, Canada,
Denmark, England, the United States -- where they were raised by guardians who
were usually Mujahedeen supporters. When they were 18 or 19, many of them
decided to come back to Iraq and fill the ranks of the youngest Mujahedeen
generation. Though ''decided'' is probably not the right word, since from the
day they were born, these girls and boys were not taught to think for themselves
but to blindly follow their leaders. ''Every morning and night, the kids,
beginning as young as 1 and 2, had to stand before a poster of Massoud and
Maryam, salute them and shout praises to them,'' Nadereh Afshari, a former
Mujahedeen deep-believer, told me. Afshari, who was posted in Germany and was
responsible for receiving Mujahedeen children during the gulf war, said that
when the German government tried to absorb Mujahedeen children into their
education system, the Mujahedeen refused. Many of the children were sent to
Mujahedeen schools, particularly in France. The Rajavis, Afshari went on to say,
''saw these kids as the next generation's soldiers. They wanted to brainwash
them and control them.'' Which may explain the pattern to their stories: a
journey to self-empowerment and the enlightenment of self-sacrifice inspired by
the light and wisdom of Maryam and Massoud. Link One has to wonder whether the
bright fellows in our government and military who set up the deals with these
people don't know what they are, don't care, or know perfectly well. Jeff,
SPLOID.com cited you on the topic of that priest conviction:
http://www.sploid.com/news/2006/05/evil_priest_gui.php Umm... Question Mark
Jimmy Plant, Blogshares is a fantasy blogosphere trading game with pretend
money. That's all I know; I've had nothing to do with it. Bush successfully
makes Satan look good in comparison. Or something like that.
http://www.laweekly.com/general/features/satan-loves-you/13454/ "Another
generation of heavy metal has taken over, and -- sorry -- it ain't just about
strippers and dope. Okay, it's partly about strippers and dope. And we'll get
around to that. But more and more, as metal evolves into a huge international
music that belongs to everyone, it has gotten to be something weirder. It's
become a guardian of morality -- not church morality; real morality. Praise be:
Given the void in responsible behavior among governments, police, educational
establishments and religions, the task of guiding our youth down the path of
righteousness has fallen to... Satan" Hmmmmmm.................... The people who
carry out these underground arms/drugs/sex trafficking deals are trauma based
mind controlled slaves. The Moldovan airline is Aerocom, and yes, it's one of
Victor Bout's. The wikipedia entry for Aerocom is just a stub .. waiting for
someone to put some information into it.... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aerocom
So... put some information in there. You know, nature hates a void. :) Richard,
i agree, Hmmmmmm. How are chants of death and suicide ... morality. What about
Manson's tees bearing the message, "Kill your parents". And were the Columbine
killers acting out this "real morality" when they indescriminately murdered
their classmates. They were death metal brainwashed fans, literally fulfilling
the death metal paradigm, er ... morality. (not church morality, no that is
phoney, love thy neighbor ... hell no, kill thy neighbor - now that is REAL
MORALITY ?????) So, hmmmm indeed. I detect the hissing lisp of the lying serpent
in this article. The deathly inversion of truth, ala satanism. I think the
jury's still out on exactly who did the brainwashing when in regard to the
Columbine killers. Perhaps we should look at the death metal phenomenon less as
an invitation to violence than as a couter-cultural response to the over
hypocrisy of a large percentage of the 'Church-Morality' crowd, which gives a
lot of lip service to loving thy neighbor, but doesn't apply that love very far
beyond their own congregation. The last I checked, the Satanists have a long way
to go to catch up with the death and destruction dealt out by self-proclaimed
(though false) Christians. Irony is dead...Long live Irony! That's it. I'm
firing my editor. Well, it's not as simple and clear cut as all that. We're
entering into some interesting and perhaps previously unexplored
socio-political-spiritual territory here that may require further examination
and serious introspection. The Kevin Coogan publication posted on the previous
thread might serve as a good launching point for further discussion. The
following quote is from that Coogan article: Imaginary evil is romantic and
varied; real evil is gloomy, monotonous, barren, boring. Imaginary good is
boring; real good is always new, marvelous, intoxicating. - Simone Weil
Starroute: I wouldn't wonder too hard. The answer is likely D: all of the above,
due to this being a complex reality we live in. But to me, without question,
they often know perfectly well. Here is a thought: When the appartently
cognitively functional take actions that seem senseless and incompetent, it is a
most certain sign that they have ulterior or hidden motives. They trust you and
me to be befuddled by their actions, while they "do as they wilt".
http://youtube.com/watch?v=d46_ctqDmI4 To not buying the BS & here I am thinking
that I really must be getting old. Since the article was specifically about
"death metal" I guess the author missed this little tidbit or we just have
waaaaaaaaaaaaay different definitions of morality:
http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/programmes/this_world/4446342.stm One man's
relentless search for his missing son led him to uncover one of the most
shocking crimes in post-war Italy - a tale of satanism and violence that has
gripped the country for more than a year. In January 1998 Fabio Tollis and
Chiara Marino, both just 16, disappeared. They had been drinking at a pub called
the Midnight - the centre of the heavy metal scene in Milan - and they never
came home. The police and many of their friends just thought they had run off
together. But their parents refused to accept this. Michele Tollis, Fabio's
father, began to attend metal concerts and festivals across Europe, handing out
leaflets and quizzing Fabio's friends. Fabio and his friends were into the most
extreme forms of heavy metal music - death metal and black metal, music obsessed
with images of murder and satanism - and the role of this music is central to
the story. No one can contradict me when I say that heavy metal and satanism are
closely linked Michele Tollis It emerged that Chiara, the girl who disappeared
with Fabio, had a collection of satanic literature and paraphernalia in her
bedroom. During this search, Michele Tollis became convinced that satanism had
something to do with his son's disappearance. "No one can contradict me when I
say that heavy metal and satanism are closely linked. They're inseparable," he
says. Yeah, I think Jeff wrote on one of his posts here in the past several
months: "To hell with death". I wholly agree, and would expand that statement to
include: "To hell with death metal". The freaky thing here is that these bozos
are seriously claiming the moral high ground ? ? ? ? ? Talk about a
beat-your-head-against-the-wall moment! And for 'Smartwolf' above, think about
the inversion principle being employed. They are doing it deliberately. Do you
really think GWB, and neocons in general are representative of true followers of
Jesus of Nazareth? (I know, ignorant question) Then why call them, or any other
phonies 'Christians', even if they themselves claim the appellation. They are
merely imposters. Everything they claim is a lie, and this above all. So why
even credit their claims? This only serves their purposes. They want to be
identified as 'Christians', and I fully suspect that for some of them, the
motivation behind their subterfuge is more than mere political advantage, and
has a lot more to do with the black magician's practice of the inversion
principle. We need to be more 'rigorous' about how we perceive these people. See
them as they are, not for what they claim to be. ... the most extreme forms of
heavy metal music - death metal and black metal, music obsessed with images of
murder and satanism - and the role of this music is central to the story. Almost
all of the avant guard art movements of the early 20th Century (except for
Italian Futurism) were labeled 'degenerate' by the National Socialists. Adolf
Hitler even held an exhibition of 'degenerate art' in 1937, while curating a
parallel show of 'Aryan' art across the street. The German Expressionist
movement was destroyed as a result. Here's a quick overview of the Entartete
Kunst (Degenerate Art) exhibit of 1937:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Degenerate_art Ironically (or perhaps not), the
notion of the 'degenerate' and 'degenerate art' was appropriated by the Nazis
and its origins can be traced back to Jewish 'intellectual' Max Nordau and a
1892 book he authored called Degeneration. . Nordau was also the co founder of
the World Zionist Organization. When the apparently cognitively functional take
actions that seem senseless and incompetent, it is a most certain sign that they
have ulterior or hidden motives. They trust you and me to be befuddled by their
actions, while they "do as they wilt." A question: Are the adherent of
'Crowleyan Thelema' and others of similar ilk appropriating or appropriating
from the appropriators to redirect 'energy?' Does this reappropriation lead to
or originate from the same place? Seems as if there is a clear distinction being
made between the 'imaginary' Whore of Babalon and the actually Whore of Babylon,
which is this global system. Is the distinction accurate and valid? Does the
distinction actually exist? This is where the socio- political aspect of this
conundrum comes into play. Confused? Good. so, enemy, what's your point? Why
don't you state it? My point is that these are all just questions and I am
undecided as to the answers. Here's another interesting example: John Balance
from Coil. (Don't wish to use Wikipedia again, it's just easier than spending
time looking up more obscure and detailed information.)
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Balance
http://www.guardian.co.uk/obituaries/story/0,3604,1371372,00.html Balance died
in 2004 after a 'fall.' He blended belief systems such as Shamanism,
Christianity, Buddhism, Paganism, Hermeticism and Gnosticism and imbued Coil's
vast output with a magickal current designed to have a functionally transcendent
effect on listeners. Not 200,000 guns - the numbers dont work: 5kg per gun,
200,000 guns means 1000 tonnes, impossible for 4 containers. If the load was 99
tonnes there were probably less than 20,000. E@tG: Maybe if you formulate your
questions a little more specifically it will help you in acquiring the answers.
"I am, therefore I think" :) Reporting from the town where Susan Polk's trial is
going on. I went across the bay last night to attend a farmer's market and music
event. Lo and behold, the Mormons were there with a booth. Two young men
delivering information about the Mormon genealogy program. Just give your email
and/or phone number to these guys and they'll track down your family. I was
amazed at the spiel they delivered. Kindly young men, but utterly programmed and
brain-dead. I resisted asking any questions that would have required either of
them to think. It would have been too painful to watch. Has anyone read the
letter purportedly from Ahmadinejad to George Bush?
http://www.thetruthseeker.co.uk/article.asp?id=4503 I don't know if this has
been verified. But succintly making point after succint point, the text of the
letter stands on its own merit, regardless. I like to imagine the thought
processes going on in W's head if he were to actually read the letter, but it is
hard to picture him actually reading this letter. As I read the letter, I
considered the vast contrast between mind and morality of whoever wrote it, vs.
that of the mind of the man who once said "Bring it on!" America, your condition
is dire, dark and deep. Of the metal music farce, Ministry has definately made
in-road into 'Loose Change"-"Alex Jones" territory with their new record, Rio
Grande Blood. Important Kos Diary about bush's response to the gathering storm
of scandals: http://www.dailykos.com/story/2006/5/12/232746/857 =Executive
Orders - very creepy, very scary They have been accumulating for years, and
basically give the president to sieze the government whenever he feels like it.
But who would do a thing like that.... hey wait a minute ==Why did Bush revoke
Executive Order 13011 today? by exmearden Fri May 12, 2006 at 08:27:46 PM PDT In
scanning the whitehouse.gov site today, I noticed the following Executive Order:
Executive Order: Amendments to Executive Orders 11030, 13279, 13339, 13381, and
13389, and ***Revocation*** of Executive Order 13011.... I can't believe there
are no serious metal fans who frequent RI. I'm wary of jumping into this fray
without backup, that's for damn sure. :) I'm a regular poster but for some
reason blogger won't let me in today...but sign me TroubleFunk. Tronicus:
Simply, the questions permeate the entire 'Western (Mystery) Tradition' and
perhaps 'Eastern' as well, as they relate to the confluence of politics and
spirituality. For example, is the system of Crowleyan Thelema a failed
alchemical process? Or was it supposed to initially be a process of alchemical
appropriation? Similarly, is invoking ancient Egyptian gods and goddesses a
reaffirmation of an oppressive and hierarchical system? In my opinion, people
can no longer afford to partition out and compartmentalize personal spiritual
and political systems. The 'high weirdness' and more hardcore political
'factions' must perhaps integrate and arrive at a synthesis. In regards to death
metal, the problem is, once again, a question of education, history and the
vacuous lack of perspective in American culture. Shall we censor the works of
poet Charles Baudelaire as well? Baudelaire was perhaps one of the first 'death
metal' artists. Tronicus, if you're still checking this thread: A bit of a
knee-jerk reaction from me there, and I apologize for my over-generalizations.
My real problem is with literalist fundamentalists, of any religion. True
believers are dangerous animals. I just get hung up on 'Christians', as they're
the dominant form where I come from. Also, I'm quite clear on the fact that
those in power now (and, in general, most anyone at the top of a pyrimidal power
structure) tend to use the dominant religion as a cloak to hide their true
motivations and as a tool to control the masses. It boggles the mind that ANYONE
can take at face value Bush's claims to be a christian, yet many seem to do just
that. I seem to remember something about 'by their works shall ye know them." I
do get my hackles up a bit when people haul out the old 'Rock-N-Roll made them
do it' argument. Whie I don't subscribe to the notion that the things we watch
or listen to have no effect on our behavior (which I think is patently
rediculous), it does bother me when people single out a specific group of people
to pin the blame on. Sub-cultures (as the lable implies) do not develope in a
vacuum. Again, I think the problem is people who sink to far into their own
egos, and begin to take their personal metaphors a bit too literaly. These
people are dangerous wether they're head-banging to 'Canibal Corpse' or humming
along to 'Onward Christian Soldiers'. (The mixing of religion and militarism is
a whole other topic....) I have nothing but respect for people who adhear to
non-violence, forgiveness, and charity, but it's important to remember that
Christians (or 'Smartwolves') do not have a monopoly on that particular
lifestyle. Peace. The fact that the US government and media are having a hissy
fit over Venezuela wanting to buy guns, and then 200,000 of the guns Chavez
wants to buy go missing on their way to Iraq is definitely sus. I guess those
guns will be located enroute to Venezuela or found in storage there by one of
the US's local stooges and they then have a pretext to ramp the spin up a notch
or two. 

Thanks again to my friend Nick Keck for passing this along via e-mail. It is the
text of a speech given by an Arab gentleman before the advisory board of a large
multi-nation corporation. It's a long but very worthwhile read. "A View from the
Eye of the Storm" Talk delivered by Haim Harari at a meeting of the
International Advisory Board of a large multi-national corporation, April, 2004:
"As you know, I usually provide the scientific and technological "entertainment"
in our meetings, but, on this occasion, our Chairman suggested that I present my
own personal view on events in the part of the world from which I come. I have
never been and I will never be a Government official and I have no privileged
information. My perspective is entirely based on what I see, on what I read and
on the fact that my family has lived in this region for almost 200 years. You
may regard my views as those of the proverbial taxi driver, which you are
supposed to question, when you visit a country. I could have shared with you
some fascinating facts and some personal thoughts about the Israeli-Arab
conflict. However, I will touch upon it only in passing. I prefer to devote most
of my remarks to the broader picture of the region and its place in world
events. I refer to the entire area between Pakistan and Morocco, which is
predominantly Arab, predominantly Moslem, but includes many non-Arab and also
significant non-Moslem minorities. Why do I put aside Israel and its own
immediate neighborhood? Because Israel and any problems related to it, in spite
of what you might read or hear in the world media, is not the central issue, and
has never been the central issue in the upheaval in the region. Yes, there is a
100 year-old Israeli-Arab conflict, but it is not where the main show is. The
millions who died in the Iran-Iraq war had nothing to do with Israel. The mass
murder happening right now in Sudan, where the Arab Moslem regime is massacring
its black Christian citizens, has nothing to do with Israel. The frequent
reports from Algeria about the murders of hundreds of civilians in one village
or another by other Algerians have nothing to do with Israel. Saddam Hussein did
not invade Kuwait, endanger Saudi Arabia and butcher his own people because of
Israel. Egypt did not use poison gas against Yemen in the 60's because of
Israel. Assad the Father did not kill tens of thousands of his own citizens in
one week in El Hamma in Syria because of Israel. The Taliban control of
Afghanistan and the civil war there had nothing to do with Israel. The Libyan
blowing up of the Pan-Am flight had nothing to do with Israel, and I could go on
and on and on. The root of the trouble is that this entire Moslem region is
totally dysfunctional, by any standard of the word, and would have been so even
if Israel had joined the Arab league and an independent Palestine had existed
for 100 years. The 22 member countries of the Arab league, from Mauritania to
the Gulf States, have a total population of 300 millions, larger than the US and
almost as large as the EU before its expansion. They have a land area larger
than either the US or all of Europe. These 22 countries, with all their oil and
natural resources, have a combined GDP smaller than that of Netherlands plus
Belgium and equal to half of the GDP of California alone. Within this meager
GDP, the gaps between rich and poor are beyond belief and too many of the rich
made their money not by succeeding in business, but by being corrupt rulers. The
social status of women is far below what it was in the Western World 150 years
ago. Human rights are below any reasonable standard, in spite of the grotesque
fact that Libya was elected Chair of the UN Human Rights commission. According
to a report prepared by a committee of Arab intellectuals and published under
the auspices of the U.N., the number of books translated by the entire Arab
world is much smaller than what little Greece alone translates. The total number
of scientific publications of 300 million Arabs is less than that of 6 million
Israelis. Birth rates in the region are very high, increasing the poverty, the
social gaps and the cultural decline. And all of this is happening in a region,
which only 30 years ago, was believed to be the next wealthy part of the world,
and in a Moslem area, which developed, at some point in history, one of the most
advanced cultures in the world. It is fair to say that this creates an
unprecedented breeding ground for cruel dictators, terror networks, fanaticism,
incitement, suicide murders and general decline. It is also a fact that almost
everybody in the region blames this situation on the United States, on Israel,
on Western Civilization, on Judaism and Christianity, on anyone and anything,
except themselves. A word about the millions of decent, honest, good people who
are either devout Moslems or are not very religious but grew up in Moslem
families: They are double victims of an outside world, which now develops
Islamophobia, and of their own environment which breaks their heart by being
totally dysfunctional. The problem is that the vast silent majority of these
Moslems are not part of the terror and the incitement, but they also do not
stand up against it. They become accomplices, by omission, and this applies to
political leaders, intellectuals, business people and many others. Many of them
can certainly tell right from wrong, but are afraid to express their views. The
events of the last few years have amplified four issues, which have always
existed, but have never been as rampant as in the present upheaval in the
region. A few more years may pass before everybody acknowledges that it is a
World War, but we are already well into it. These are the four main pillars of
the current World Conflict, or perhaps we should already refer to it as "the
undeclared World War III": *1. The first element is the suicide murder.* Suicide
murders are not a new invention but they have been made popular, if I may use
this expression, only lately. Even after September 11, it seems that most of the
Western World does not yet understand this weapon. It is a very potent
psychological weapon. Its real direct impact is relatively minor. The total
number of casualties from hundreds of suicide murders within Israel in the last
three years is much smaller than those due to car accidents. September 11 was
quantitatively much less lethal than many earthquakes More people die from AIDS
in one day in Africa than all the Russians who died in the hands of
Chechnya-based Moslem suicide murderers since that conflict started. Saddam
killed every month more people than all those who died from suicide murders
since the Coalition occupation of Iraq. So what is all the fuss about suicide
killings? It creates headlines. It is spectacular. It is frightening. It is a
very cruel death with bodies dismembered and horrible severe lifelong injuries
to many of the wounded. It is always shown on television in great detail. One
such murder, with the help of hysterical media coverage, can destroy the tourism
industry of a country for quite a while, as it did in Bali and in Turkey. But
the real fear comes from the undisputed fact that no defense and no preventive
measures can succeed against a determined suicide murderer. This has not yet
penetrated the thinking of the Western World. The U.S. and Europe are constantly
improving their defense against the last murder, not the next one. We may
arrange for the best airport security in the world. But if you want to murder by
suicide, you do not have to board a plane in order to explode yourself and kill
many people. Who could stop a suicide murder in the midst of the crowded line
waiting to be checked by the airport metal detector? How about the lines to the
check-in counters in a busy travel period? Put a metal detector in front of
every train station in Spain and the terrorists will get the buses. Protect the
buses and they will explode in movie theaters, concert halls, supermarkets,
shopping malls, schools and hospitals. Put guards in front of every concert hall
and there will always be a line of people to be checked by the guards and this
line will be the target, not to speak of killing the guards themselves. You can
somewhat reduce your vulnerability by preventive and defensive measures and by
strict border controls but not eliminate it and definitely not win the war in a
defensive way. And it is a war! What is behind the suicide murders? Money is,
money and power and cold-blooded murderous incitement, nothing else. It has
nothing to do with true fanatic religious beliefs. No Moslem preacher has ever
blown himself up. No son of an Arab politician or religious leader has ever
blown himself up. No relative of anyone influential has done it. Wouldn't you
expect some of the religious leaders to do it themselves, or to talk their sons
into doing it, if this is truly a supreme act of religious fervor? Aren't they
interested in the benefits of going to Heaven? Instead, they send outcast women,
naive children, retarded people and young incited hotheads. They promise them
the delights, mostly sexual, of the next world, and pay their families
handsomely after the supreme act is performed and enough innocent people are
dead. Suicide murders also have nothing to do with poverty and despair. The
poorest region in the world, by far, is Africa. It never happens there. There
are numerous desperate people in the world, in different cultures, countries and
continents. Desperation does not provide anyone with explosives, reconnaissance
and transportation. There was certainly more despair in Saddam's Iraq than in
Paul Bremmer's Iraq, and no one exploded himself. A suicide murder is simply a
horrible, vicious weapon of cruel, inhuman, cynical, well-funded terrorists,
with no regard to human life, including the life of their fellow countrymen, but
with very high regard to their own affluent well-being and their hunger for
power. The only way to fight this new "popular" weapon is identical to the only
way in which you fight organized crime or pirates on the high seas: the
offensive way. Like in the case of organized crime, it is crucial that the
forces on the offensive be united and it is crucial to reach the top of the
crime pyramid. You cannot eliminate organized crime by arresting the little drug
dealer on the street corner. You must go after the head of the "Family". If part
of the public supports it, others tolerate it, many are afraid of it and some
try to explain it away by poverty or by a miserable childhood, organized crime
will thrive and so will terrorism. The United States understands this now, after
September 11. Russia is beginning to understand it. Turkey understands it well.
I am very much afraid that most of Europe still does not understand it.
Unfortunately, it seems that Europe will understand it only after suicide
murders arrive in Europe in a big way. In my humble opinion, this will
definitely happen. The Spanish trains and the Istanbul bombings are only the
beginning. The unity of the Civilized World in fighting this horror is
absolutely indispensable. Until Europe wakes up, this unity will not be
achieved. *2. The second ingredient is words, more precisely lies.* Words can be
lethal. They kill people. It is often said that politicians, diplomats and
perhaps also lawyers and business people must sometimes lie, as part of their
professional life. But the norms of politics and diplomacy are childish, in
comparison with the level of incitement and total absolute deliberate
fabrications, which have reached new heights in the region we are talking about.
An incredible number of people in the Arab world believe that September 11 never
happened, or was an American provocation or, even better, a Jewish plot. You all
remember the Iraqi Minister of Information, Mr. Mouhamad Said al-Sahaf and his
press conferences when the US forces were already inside Baghdad. Disinformation
at time of war is an accepted tactic. But to stand, day after day, and to make
such preposterous statements, known to everybody to be lies, without even being
ridiculed in your own milieu, can only happen in this region. Mr. Sahaf
eventually became a popular icon as a court jester, but this did not stop some
allegedly respectable newspapers from giving him equal time. It also does not
prevent the Western press from giving credence, every day, even now, to similar
liars. After all, if you want to be an anti-Semite, there are subtle ways of
doing it. You do not have to claim that the holocaust never happened, and that
the Jewish temple in Jerusalem never existed. But millions of Moslems are told
by their leaders that this is the case. When these same leaders make other
statements, the Western media report them as if they could be true. It is a
daily occurrence that the same people who finance, arm and dispatch suicide
murderers, condemn the act in English in front of western TV cameras, talking to
a world audience, which even partly believes them. It is a daily routine to hear
the same leader making opposite statements in Arabic to his people and in
English to the rest of the world. Incitement by Arab TV, accompanied by horror
pictures of mutilated bodies, has become a powerful weapon of those who lie,
distort and want to destroy everything. Little children are raised on deep
hatred and on admiration of so-called martyrs, and the Western World does not
notice it because its own TV sets are mostly tuned to soap operas and game
shows. I recommend to you, even though most of you do not understand Arabic, to
watch Al Jazeera, from time to time. You will not believe your own eyes. But
words also work in other ways, more subtle. A demonstration in Berlin, carrying
banners supporting Saddam's regime and featuring three-year old babies dressed
as suicide murderers, is defined by the press and by political leaders as a
"peace demonstration". You may support or oppose the Iraq war, but to refer to
fans of Saddam, Arafat or Bin Laden as peace activists is a bit too much. A
woman walks into an Israeli restaurant in mid-day, eats, observes families with
old people and children eating their lunch in the adjacent tables and pays the
bill. She then blows herself up, killing 20 people, including many children,
with heads and arms rolling around in the restaurant. She is called "martyr" by
several Arab leaders and "activist" by the European press. Dignitaries condemn
the act but visit her bereaved family and the money flows. There is a new game
in town: The actual murderer is called "the military wing", the one who pays
him, equips him and sends him is now called "the political wing" and the head of
the operation is called the "spiritual leader". There are numerous other
examples of such Orwellian nomenclature, used every day not only by terror
chiefs but also by Western media. These words are much more dangerous than many
people realize. They provide an emotional infrastructure for atrocities. It was
Joseph Goebbels who said that if you repeat a lie often enough, people will
believe it. He is now being outperformed by his successors. *3. The third aspect
is money.* Huge amounts of money, which could have solved many social problems
in this dysfunctional part of the world, are channeled into three concentric
spheres supporting death and murder. In the inner circle are the terrorists
themselves. The money funds their travel, explosives, hideouts and permanent
search for soft vulnerable targets. The inner circles are primarily financed by
terrorist states like Iran and Syria, until recently also by Iraq and Libya and
earlier also by some of the Communist regimes. These states, as well as the
Palestinian Authority, are the safe havens of the wholesale murder vendors. They
are surrounded by a second wider circle of direct supporters, planners,
commanders, preachers, all of whom make a living, usually a very comfortable
living, by serving as terror infrastructure. Finally, we find the third circle
of so-called religious, educational and welfare organizations, which actually do
some good, feed the hungry and provide some schooling, but brainwash a new
generation with hatred, lies and ignorance. This circle operates mostly through
mosques, madrasas and other religious establishments but also through inciting
electronic and printed media. It is this circle that makes sure that women
remain inferior, that democracy is unthinkable and that exposure to the outside
world is minimal. It is also that circle that leads the way in blaming everybody
outside the Moslem world, for the miseries of the region. The outer circle is
largely financed by Saudi Arabia, but also by donations from certain Moslem
communities in the United States and Europe and, to a smaller extent, by
donations of European Governments to various NGO's and by certain United Nations
organizations, whose goals may be noble, but they are infested and exploited by
agents of the outer circle. The Saudi regime, of course, will be the next victim
of major terror, when the inner circle will explode into the outer circle. The
Saudis are beginning to understand it, but they fight the inner circles, while
still financing the infrastructure at the outer circle. Figuratively speaking,
this outer circle is the guardian, which makes sure that the people look and
listen inwards to the inner circle of terror and incitement, rather than to the
world outside. Some parts of this same outer circle actually operate as a result
of fear from, or blackmail by, the inner circles. The horrifying added factor is
the high birth rate. Half of the population of the Arab world is under the age
of 20, the most receptive age to incitement, guaranteeing two more generations
of blind hatred. Some of the leaders of these various circles live very
comfortably on their loot. You meet their children in the best private schools
in Europe, not in the training camps of suicide murderers. The Jihad "soldiers"
join packaged death tours to Iraq and other hotspots, while some of their
leaders ski in Switzerland. Mrs. Arafat, who lives in Paris with her daughter,
receives tens of thousands of dollars per month from the allegedly bankrupt
Palestinian Authority, while a typical local ringleader of the Al-Aksa brigade,
reporting to Arafat, receives only a cash payment of a couple of hundred
dollars, for performing murders at the retail level. *4. The fourth element of
the current world conflict is the total breaking of all laws.* The civilized
world believes in democracy, the rule of law, including international law, human
rights, free speech and free press, among other liberties. There are naive
old-fashioned habits such as respecting religious sites and symbols, not using
ambulances and hospitals for acts of war, avoiding the mutilation of dead bodies
and not using children as human shields or human bombs. Never in history, not
even in the Nazi period, was there such total disregard of all of the above as
we observe now. Every student of political science debates how you prevent an
anti-democratic force from winning a democratic election and abolishing
democracy. Other aspects of a civilized society must also have limitations. Can
a policeman open fire on someone trying to kill him? Can a government listen to
phone conversations of terrorists and drug dealers? Does free speech protect you
when you shout "fire" in a crowded theater? Should there be death penalty, for
deliberate multiple murders? These are the old-fashioned dilemmas. But now we
have an entire new set. Do you raid a mosque, which serves as a terrorist
ammunition storage? Do you return fire, if you are attacked from a hospital? Do
you storm a church taken over by terrorists who took the priests hostages? Do
you search every ambulance after a few suicide murderers use ambulances to reach
their targets? Do you strip every woman because one pretended to be pregnant and
carried a suicide bomb on her belly? Do you shoot back at someone trying to kill
you, standing deliberately behind a group of children? Do you raid terrorist
headquarters, hidden in a mental hospital? Do you shoot an arch-murderer who
deliberately moves from one location to another, always surrounded by children?
All of these happen daily in Iraq and in the Palestinian areas. What do you do?
Well, you do not want to face the dilemma. But it cannot be avoided. Suppose,
for the sake of discussion, that someone would openly stay in a well-known
address in Teheran, hosted by the Iranian Government and financed by it,
executing one atrocity after another in Spain or in France, killing hundreds of
innocent people, accepting responsibility for the crimes, promising in public TV
interviews to do more of the same, while the Government of Iran issues public
condemnations of his acts but continues to host him, invite him to official
functions and treat him as a great dignitary. I leave it to you as homework to
figure out what Spain or France would have done, in such a situation. The
problem is that the civilized world is still having illusions about the rule of
law in a totally lawless environment. It is trying to play ice hockey by sending
a ballerina ice-skater into the ring or to knock out a heavyweight boxer by a
chess player. In the same way that no country has a law against cannibals eating
its prime minister, because such an act is unthinkable, international law does
not address killers shooting from hospitals, mosques and ambulances, while being
protected by their Government or society. International law does not know how to
handle someone who sends children to throw stones, stands behind them and shoots
with immunity and cannot be arrested because he is sheltered by a Government.
International law does not know how to deal with a leader of murderers who is
royally and comfortably hosted by a country, which pretends to condemn his acts
or just claims to be too weak to arrest him. The amazing thing is that all of
these crooks demand protection under international law, and define all those who
attack them as "war criminals," with some Western media repeating the
allegations. The good news is that all of this is temporary, because the
evolution of international law has always adapted itself to reality. The
punishment for suicide murder should be death or arrest before the murder, not
during and not after. After every world war, the rules of international law have
changed, and the same will happen after the present one. But during the twilight
zone, a lot of harm can be done. The picture I described here is not pretty.
What can we do about it? In the short run, only fight and win. In the long run,
only educate the next generation and open it to the world. The inner circles can
and must be destroyed by force. The outer circle cannot be eliminated by force.
Here we need financial starvation of the organizing elite, more power to women,
more education, counter-propaganda, boycott whenever feasible and access to
Western media, internet and the international scene. Above all, we need a total
absolute unity and determination of the civilized world against all three
circles of evil. Allow me, for a moment, to depart from my alleged role as a
taxi driver and return to science. When you have a malignant tumor, you may
remove the tumor itself surgically. You may also starve it by preventing new
blood from reaching it from other parts of the body, thereby preventing new
"supplies" from expanding the tumor. If you want to be sure, it is best to do
both. But before you fight and win, by force or otherwise, you have to realize
that you are in a war, and this may take Europe a few more years. In order to
win, it is necessary to first eliminate the terrorist regimes, so that no
Government in the world will serve as a safe haven for these people. I do not
want to comment here on whether the American-led attack on Iraq was justified
from the point of view of weapons of mass destruction or any other pre-war
argument, but I can look at the post-war map of Western Asia. Now that
Afghanistan, Iraq and Libya are out, two and a half terrorist states remain:
Iran, Syria and Lebanon, the latter being a Syrian colony. Perhaps Sudan should
be added to the list. As a result of the conquest of Afghanistan and Iraq, both
Iran and Syria are now totally surrounded by territories unfriendly to them.
Iran is encircled by Afghanistan, by the Gulf States, Iraq and the Moslem
republics of the former Soviet Union. Syria is surrounded by Turkey, Iraq,
Jordan and Israel. This is a significant strategic change and it applies strong
pressure on the terrorist countries. It is not surprising that Iran is so active
in trying to incite a Shiite uprising in Iraq. I do not know if the American
plan was actually to encircle both Iran and Syria, but that is the resulting
situation. In my humble opinion, the number one danger to the world today is
Iran and its regime. It definitely has ambitions to rule vast areas and to
expand in all directions. It has an ideology which claims supremacy over Western
culture. It is ruthless. It has proven that it can execute elaborate terrorist
acts without leaving too many traces, using Iranian Embassies. It is clearly
trying to develop nuclear weapons. Its so-called moderates and conservatives
play their own virtuoso version of the "good-cop versus bad-cop" game. Iran
sponsors Syrian terrorism, it is certainly behind much of the action in Iraq, it
is fully funding the Hezbollah and, through it, the Palestinian Hamas and
Islamic Jihad; it performed acts of terror at least in Europe and in South
America and probably also in Uzbekistan and Saudi Arabia and it truly leads a
multi-national terror consortium, which includes, as minor players, Syria,
Lebanon and certain Shiite elements in Iraq. Nevertheless, most European
countries still trade with Iran, try to appease it and refuse to read the clear
signals. In order to win the war it is also necessary to dry the financial
resources of the terror conglomerate. It is pointless to try to understand the
subtle differences between the Sunni terror of Al Qaeda and Hamas and the Shiite
terror of Hezbollah, Sadr and other Iranian-inspired enterprises. When it serves
their business needs, all of them collaborate beautifully. It is crucial to stop
Saudi and other financial support of the outer circle, which is the fertile
breeding ground of terror. It is important to monitor all donations from the
Western World to Islamic organizations, to monitor the finances of international
relief organizations and to react with forceful economic measures to any small
sign of financial aid to any of the three circles of terrorism. It is also
important to act decisively against the campaign of lies and fabrications and to
monitor those Western media who collaborate with it out of naivety, financial
interests or ignorance. Above all, never surrender to terror. No one will ever
know whether the recent elections in Spain would have yielded a different
result, if not for the train bombings a few days earlier. But it really does not
matter. What matters is that the terrorists believe that they caused the result
and that they won by driving Spain out of Iraq. The Spanish story will surely
end up being extremely costly to other European countries, including France, who
is now expelling inciting preachers and forbidding veils and including others
who sent troops to Iraq. In the long run, Spain itself will pay even more. Is
the solution a democratic Arab world? If by democracy we mean free elections but
also free press, free speech, a functioning judicial system, civil liberties,
equality to women, free international travel, exposure to international media
and ideas, laws against racial incitement and against defamation, and avoidance
of lawless behavior regarding hospitals, places of worship and children, then
yes, democracy is the solution. If democracy is just free elections, it is
likely that the most fanatic regime will be elected, the one whose incitement
and fabrications are the most inflammatory. We have seen it already in Algeria
and, to a certain extent, in Turkey. It will happen again, if the ground is not
prepared very carefully. On the other hand, a certain transition democracy, as
in Jordan, may be a better temporary solution, paving the way for the real
thing, perhaps in the same way that an immediate sudden democracy did not work
in Russia and would not have worked in China. I have no doubt that the civilized
world will prevail. But the longer it takes us to understand the new landscape
of this war, the more costly and painful the victory will be. Europe, more than
any other region, is the key. Its understandable recoil from wars, following the
horrors of World War II, may cost thousands of additional innocent lives, before
the tide will turn." 

Zawahiri was associated with a faction of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad known as
the Vanguards of Conquest. Zawahiri and the Vanguards of Conquest were seeking
to recreate Mohammed's taking of mecca by a small band through violent attacks
on Egyptian leaders. By 1998, Zawahiri had determined that the Egyptian Islamic
Jihad should focus on its struggle against the United States and hold off on
further attacks against the Egyptian regime. A key question is how they acquired
the anthrax strain first isolated by the Texas Veterinary Medical Diagnostic Lab
in 1980. According to senior counter terrorism officials, both here and abroad,
among the supporters of these militant islamists were people who blended into
society and were available to act when another part of the network requested it.
Al Qaeda, Anthrax and Ayman: Means, Motive, Modus Operandi and Opportunity
Homeland Security In early June 2003, a Central Intelligence Agency ("CIA")
report publicly disclosed that the reason for Mohammed Atta's and Zacarias
Moussaoui's inquiries into cropdusters was for the contemplated use in
dispersing biological agents such as anthrax. An early September 2003 Newsweek
article included a rumor by a Taliban source that at a meeting in April 2003 Bin
Laden was planning an "unbelievable" biological attack, the plans for which had
suffered a setback upon the arrest of Khalid Shaikh Mohammed ("KSM"). He had
been captured the previous month in Rawalpindi, Pakistan. In November 2003, a
report by a UN Panel of experts concluded that Al Qaeda is determined to use
chemical and biological weapons and is restrained only by technical
difficulties. In a statement issued June 16, 2004, the 9/11 Commission Staff
concluded that "Al Qaeda had an ambitious biological weapons program and was
making advances in its ability to produce anthrax prior to September 11.
According to Director of Central Intelligence George Tenet, al Qaeda’s ability
to conduct an anthrax attack is one of the most immediate threats the United
States is likely to face." On August 9, 2004, it was announced that in the
Spring of 2001, a man named El-Shukrijumah, also known as Jafar the Pilot, who
was part of a "second wave," had been casing New York City helicopters.
Photographs from a seized computer disc included the controls and the locks on
the door between the passengers and pilot. In a bulletin, the FBI noted that the
surveillance might relate to a plot to disperse a chemical or biological weapon.
The CIA reportedly has been quietly building a case that the anthrax mailings
were an international plot. This is old news. It's just no longer
bureaucratically impolite to openly contest the FBI's (former) theory about a
lone, American scientist. Many people have argued that a US-based Al Qaeda
operative is behind the earlier Fall 2001 anthrax mailings in the US, and that
the mailings served as a threat and warning. Princeton islamist scholar Bernard
Lewis has explained that while islamists may disagree about whether killing
innocents is sanctioned by the laws of jihad, extremists like Zawahiri agree
that notice must be given before biochemical weapons are used. "The Prophet's
guidance," says Michael Scheuer, an al-Qaeda analyst who recently retired from
the CIA and once headed its Bin Laden unit, "was always, Before you attack
someone, warn them very clearly..." The anthrax mailings followed the pattern of
letters they sent in January 1997 to newspaper branches in Washington, D.C. and
New York City, as well as symbolic targets. The letter bombs were sent in
connection with the detention of the blind sheik Abdel Rahman and those
responsible for the earlier World Trade Center bombing in 1993. Handwritten
notes and files on a laptop seized upon the capture of KSM, Al Qaeda's #3,
included a feasible anthrax production plan using a spray dryer and addressed
the recruitment of necessary expertise. What your morning paper did not tell
you, however, was that the CIA seized a similar disc from Ayman Zawahiri's
right-hand, Ahmed Salama Mabruk, 5 years earlier. The computer disk was
confiscated from him during his arrest by the CIA in Azerbaijan and handed over
to the Egyptian authorities. Mabruk, at the time, was the head of Jihad's
military operations. There is a risk that observers underestimate the time that
Al Qaeda has had to make progress in such recruitment and research and
development. Some may still think that even in the final stages of the 9/11
plot, Zacarias Moussaoui was going to fly a 5th plane into the Capitol or White
House. Others argue that he was to be part of a second wave of airliners
directed to targets on the West Coast. There is an e-mail by Moussaoui, however,
dated July 31, 2001 indicating that he sought to take a crop dusting course that
was to last up to 6 months. In March 2003, Mohammed reportedly said that
Moussaoui was not going to be part of 9/11 but was to be part of a "second
wave." Although Ramzi Binalshibh provided him $14,000 in July, accused September
11 conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui told his trial judge that he had an al Qaeda
mission that would have come after the terrorist attacks. KSM explained that
Moussaoui's inquiries about crop dusters may have been related to the anthrax
work being done by US-trained biochemist and Al Qaeda operative, Malaysian Yazid
Sufaat. Zacarias Moussaoui, never the sharpest tool in the shed and thought by
his superiors to be unreliable, has told the judge at his trial in a filing that
he wants "anthrax for Jew sympathizer only." Al Qaeda's regional operative,
Hambali, who was at a key January 2000 meeting and supervised Sufaat, has been
captured. Hambali reportedly is cooperating to some degree. KSM and Hambali sent
al-Hindi (al-Britani), along with Jafar the Pilot, to case NYC targets for a
second wave. It was as part of that surveillance in early 2001 that Jafar the
Pilot studied tourist helicopters in the NYC area. Sufaat, according to both KSM
and Hambali, did not have the virulent US Army Ames strain that would be used.
That would require someone who had access to the strain. But if experience is
any guide, nothing would stand in the way of Dr. Ayman Zawahiri's decade-long
quest to weaponize and use anthrax against US targets that was described by one
confidante to an Egyptian newspaper reporter. The islamist had been released
from Egyptian prison and had known Zawahiri well for many years. Emails from
Zawahiri to Atef in the Spring of 1999 indicate that Ayman was a close student
of the USAMRIID anthrax program. He believed that the koran instructed that a
jihadist should use the weapons used by the crusader. "What we know is that he's
always said it was a religious obligation to have the same weapons as their
enemies," former CIA OBL unit counter terrorism chief Michael Scheuer has said.
The Wall Street Journal reported that a computer used by Zawahiri contains a
June 1999 memo that "said the program should seek cover and talent in
educational institutions, which it said were 'more beneficial to us and allow
easy access to specialists, which will greatly benefit us in the first stage,
God willing.' '' Zawahiri was associated with a faction of the Egyptian Islamic
Jihad known as the Vanguards of Conquest. Zawahiri and the Vanguards of Conquest
were seeking to recreate Mohammed's taking of mecca by a small band through
violent attacks on Egyptian leaders. By 1998, Zawahiri had determined that the
Egyptian Islamic Jihad should focus on its struggle against the United States
and hold off on further attacks against the Egyptian regime. A key question is
how they acquired the anthrax strain first isolated by the Texas Veterinary
Medical Diagnostic Lab in 1980. According to senior counter terrorism officials,
both here and abroad, among the supporters of these militant islamists were
people who blended into society and were available to act when another part of
the network requested it. A few days before Christmas 2003, after a renewed
audiotape threat by Zawahiri of attacks, to include in the US homeland, the
threat level was raised to orange or "high." After the alert condition had long
since returned to yellow, Zawahiri in late February issued another audiotape. He
urged the President that brigades and brigades would be coming under the banner
of jihad carrying death and seeking paradise. Zawahiri said that the US should
expect another 9/11 on US soil. According to some reports, Zawahiri is thought
by intelligence to be somewhere near the border of Pakistan and Afghanistan. At
one time, some thought he had been spotted in Iran. Wherever he is, authorities
need to focus on the traceable connection between him and those he or Atef
recruited. In October 2001, did the FBI profilers know of the draft message
Khalid Mohammed had on the seized laptop (from 1995) that was signed "Khalid
Sheik Bojinka"? The letter threatened to use biochemical weapons if the blind
sheik was not released. (Khalid Mohammed's involvement dates back to Bojinka, as
does Hambali's). Use of biochemical weapons as blackmail and threatened
retaliation for such detentions was an alternative scenario in the Bojinka
planning. In May 2004, Patrick Hughes, Lieutenant General (Retired), Assistant
Secretary for Information Analysis, Homeland Security Department testified
before the 9/11 Commission. He explained that interrogations and other evidence
revealed that Al Qaeda wanted to strike the US with a nonconventional weapon,
most notably anthrax. The same week, the WTC head testified that while they had
not received any briefing on the use of planes, they had taken steps to prepare
for an attack using anthrax based on intelligence that had been received. Al
Qaeda has had anthrax, the raw seed product in its unweaponized form, since at
least 1997, when it was purchased by Bin Laden through the Moro Islamic
Liberation Front ("Moro Front" or "MILF"). Zawahiri, Al Qaeda's #2, is head of
Al Qaeda's biochemical program. The CIA has known of Zawahiri's plans to use
anthrax for a half decade. The confidante and right-hand man of Dr. Ayman
Zawahiri admitted that Zawahiri succeeded in obtaining anthrax and intended to
use it against US targets. Another senior Al Qaeda member (a shura or
policy-making council member no less) was working for the Egyptian intelligence
services and he confirmed the report in a sworn lengthy confession. Even
Zawahiri's attorney in 1999 said that Bin Laden and Zawahiri were likely to
resort to the biological and chemical agents they possessed given the
extradition pressure senior Al Qaeda leaders faced. A recently released islamist
who had been a close associate of Zawahiri said that Zawahiri spent a decade and
had made 15 separate attempts to recruit the necessary expertise to weaponize
anthrax in Russia and the Middle East. The US Army recipe was not used, and
obtaining the unprocessed Ames strain of anthrax used does not warrant the
weight given it by some press accounts. There was lax control over the
distribution of the Ames strain that was used, especially in light of the fact
that transfers were not even required to be recorded prior to 1997.
Significantly, the individual who isolated it nearly a quarter century ago (now
retired), upon being contacted, does not even report that he necessarily sent
the only copy of the strain to Ft. Detrick. Senator Patrick Leahy at a
Congressional hearing in the Spring of 2002 noted that the FBI had collected the
Ames strain from 20 sources. In Fall 2004, MSNBC, relying on an unnamed FBI
spokesperson, reports that the FBI has narrowed the pool of labs known to have
had Ames that was a match from 16 to 4 but cannot rule out that it was made
overseas. Al Qaeda's anthrax production plans on Khalid Mohammed's computer did
not evidence knowledge of advanced techniques in the most efficient biological
weapons. At least according to the public comments by bioweaponeer experts
William Patrick and Kenneth Alibek, under the optimal method, there is no
electrostatic charge. In the case of the anthrax used in the mailings, there was
an electrostatic charge. Although there was a dominance of single spores and a
trillion spore concentration, there were clumps as large as 40 - 100 microns.
(Spores must be no bigger than 5 microns to be inhalable.) Many point to the
trillion spore concentration as extraordinary. It is far simpler, however, to
achieve a trillion spore concentration in the production of a few grams than in
industrial processing typical of a state sponsored lab. The "trillion spore"
issue was at the heart of a lot of mistaken theories of the matter concluding
that state sponsorship was necessarily indicated. The reported finding at Dugway
undermines the argument of both the "bomb Iraq" crowd and the liberals focused
on Dr. Steve Hatfill who object to US biodefense research because they view it
as being useful for offensive purposes. USDA employee Johnelle Bryant first told
us, in sensational detail, of Atta's inquiries about purchasing and retrofitting
a cropduster. Khalid Mohammed then told interrogators that Zacarias Moussaoui's
inquiries about crop dusting may have related to Yazid Sufaat's anthrax
manufacturing plans. Although the details of the documents on Mohammed's
computer may (or may not) point to possible difficulties in aerial dispersal,
they are fully consistent with the product used in the anthrax mailings. Al
Qaeda had both the means and opportunity. US-trained Malaysian biochemist Yazid
Sufaat met with 9/11 plotters and two hijackers in January 2000. Sufaat was a
member of Al Qaeda and a member of Jemaah Islamiah ("JI"). JI has ties with the
Moro Front. Sufaat used his company called Green Laboratory Medicine to buy
items useful to Al Qaeda. (Green symbolizes "Islam" and Prophet Mohammed's holy
war). Zacarias Moussaoui, who had a crop dusting manual when he was arrested,
stayed at Sufaat's condominium in 2000 when he was trying to arrange for flight
lessons in Malaysia. Yazid Sufaat provided Moussaoui with a letter indicating
that he was a marketing representative for Infocus Technologies and allegedly
provided him $35,000. The crop dusters were to be part of a "second wave." After
9/11, Yazid Sufaat traveled to Afghanistan and Pakistan to work for the Taliban
Medical Brigade and to continue his work with anthrax. As described in US News,
a former reporter from the Kabul Times actually may have met Sufaat, without
realizing it, while traveling near Kabul in October 2001, perceiving him as
Filipino. The fellow was carrying papers from Zawahiri and bragging about his
ability to manipulate anthrax. Sufaat was arrested in December 2001 upon his
return to Malaysia. Newsweek reported that a "second wave" involving biological
attacks had been thwarted upon the arrest of Al Qaeda members who had been
intended to provide logistical support. Various doctors, both foreign and
American, are associated with Al Qaeda leaders or operatives, to include the
doctors Abdul Qadoos Khan, a bacteriologist from Rawalpindi and Aafia Siddiqui,
PhD, from Karachi. Microbiologist Abdul Qadoos Khan was charged along with his
son, Ahmed, for harboring the fugitives. As of March 28, 2003, he was in a
hospital for a cardiac problem and had been granted "pre-arrest bail." Yet all
you read about at the time was the arrest of the son Ahmed Abdul Qadoos, who
receives a stipend from the UN for being officially low-IQ due to lead
poisoning. It was Khalid Mohammed who told authorities about Aafia Siddiqui, who
has a PhD from Brandeis in neurology. The Pakistani press reported that she was
nabbed in Karachi after being spotted at the airport in late March or early
April 2003. If mistaken, how did those reports first come about? Understandably,
Amerithrax is a confidential investigation. The Pakistan ISI and CIA rarely
grant press interviews in connection with an ongoing manhunt. The CIA did not
even allow the FBI access to KSM for 10 days after his arrest. As agent Van
Harp, then head of the Amerithrax investigation said, the information coming
from Khalid Mohammed is classified with the authorities releasing only certain
limited information. While it's not easy to separate fact from fiction, Attorney
General Ashcroft and Director Mueller have publicly confirmed Aafia is still
being sought. They would know. Her mother Ismat last saw Aafia and her
grandchildren before they left in a minicab at the end of March. Aafia was on
her way with her children to visit and uncle and a friend in Islamabad.
According to the Pakistan reports, Aafia Siddiqui was detained after being
spotted at Karachi International airport (after she was followed to a relative's
house). (Karachi is in the south). The reports say she is suspected of having
been a member of Al Qaeda's "Chemical Wire Group." The family's lawyer advises
me that Aafia did not have enough money to pay for airfare tickets for herself
and the kids and called Ismat from the train station. That was the last Ismat
heard from her. Aafia never reached the uncle's house. Perhaps something got
lost in the translation, but the phrase "Chemical Wire Group" has appeared in
all the english Pakistan and India papers. The family's attorney advises me that
Aafia had no knowledge of chemicals (and that would not appear to be her
training). There still is a very hot pursuit of the "Atta-level" Floridian,
Adnan El Shukrijumah, who Siddiqui is thought to have known and been assisting.
His nickname is "Jafar the Pilot." A senior DOJ official reports that Adnan has
experience as a commercial pilot. He is said by one FBI agent to be "very, very,
very" dangerous. He allegedly was at one or more meetings in the Summer of 2001
in Pakistan at which KSM and Sufaat were present. He may have been seen in
Hamilton, Canada -- along with Egyptian al-Maati, who apparently also has
received pilot training. The United States truly no longer has time for faulty
analysis or politically-based preconceptions. In early June 2003, a CIA report
concluded that the reason for Atta's and Zacarias Moussaoui's inquiries into
cropdusters was in fact for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents
such as anthrax. It has long been known Osama Bin Laden was interested in using
cropdusters to disperse biological agents (since the testimony of millennium
bomber Ahmed Ressam). The hijacker Ahmed Alhaznawi appears to have contracted
cutaneous anthrax in Afghanistan. It is reasonable to credit his statement that
he got the lesion after bumping into a suitcase he was carrying at a camp in
Afghanistan. The lesion is further evidence of Al Qaeda's anthrax production
program at Kandahar. The present evidence relating to Atta's alleged travel to
Prague does not warrant a conclusion that Al Qaeda obtained the Ames strain from
Iraq. Iraq, however, remains a possible source of the Ames. Former Russian
bioweaponeer Ken Alibek has said that a key Russian scientist assisted Iraq and
that Russia had the Ames strain. (His conclusion may have been based on the fake
mobile biolab plans foisted upon the US by the Chalabi associate "Curveball",
which Alibek divined to be identical to Russian mobile lab design). Zawahiri did
travel to Baghdad in 1998 with an entourage to attend the birthday party of
Saddam's son. The papers found at headquarters of the Mukhabarat, Iraq's secret
police, show that an entourage from Al Qaeda group was sent to the Iraqi capital
in March 1998 from Sudan. According to at least some reports, Bin Laden rejected
the suggestion of a closer alliance -- preferring to pursue his own concept of
jihad. Two top Iraqi scientists, code named Charlie and Alpha, are helping the
coalition to learn more about Iraqi's anthrax program, according to Dr. David
Kay, head of the Iraq survey group in charge of the hunt for WMD. He has said
that the Iraqis made surprising innovations in the milling and drying processes
needed to weaponize anthrax. The media coverage has been seriously confused on
the issue of motive and the reason Senators Daschle and Leahy would have been
targeted -- tending to simplistically view them as "liberals." Zawahiri likely
targeted Senators Daschle and Leahy to receive anthrax letters, in addition to
various media outlets, because of the appropriations made pursuant to the "Leahy
Law" to military and security forces. That money has prevented the militant
islamists from achieving their goals. Al Qaeda members and sympathizers feel
that the FBI's involvement in countries like Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Pakistan,
Indonesia, and the Philippines interferes with the sovereignty of those
countries. According to a post she made on the internet, Aafia Siddiqui
expressed the same sentiment in connection with US appropriations sought in
exchange for the extradition of WTC 1993 plotter Ramzi Yousef from Pakistan.
Senator Leahy was Chairman of both the Judiciary Committee overseeing the FBI
and Appropriations Subcommittee in charge of foreign aid to these countries. In
late September 2001, it was announced that the President was seeking a blanket
waiver that would lift all restrictions on aid to military and security units in
connection with pursuing the militant islamists. This extradition and
imprisonment of Al Qaeda leaders, along with US support for Israel and the
Mubarak government in Egypt, remains foremost in the mind of Dr. Zawahiri. At
the height of the development of his biological weapons program, his brother was
extradited pursuant to a death sentence in the "Albanian returnees" case (now he
faces retrial). It's hard to keep up with the stories about billion dollar
appropriations, debt forgiveness, and loan guarantees to countries like Egypt
and Israel and now even Pakistan. Those appropriations pale in comparison to the
many tens of billions in appropriations relating to the invasion of Iraq. Al
Qaeda had a motive in mind. In his Fall 2001 book titled Knights under the
Banner of the Prophet, Zawahiri argued that the secular press was telling "lies"
about the militant islamists -- to include the suggestion that the militant
islamists were somehow the creation of the United States in connection with
expelling the Russians from Afghanistan. Zawahiri argued instead that they have
been active since the assassination of Anwar Sadat in Egypt because of the Camp
David Accord and the resulting peace treaty between Egypt and Israel. The
anthrax letters were sent on the date of the Camp David Accord and then the date
Anwar Sadat was assassinated as if to underscore the point to anyone paying
attention. Most of the "talking heads" on television, however, knew only that
Daschle and Leahy were liberal democrats and did not know anything of Al Qaeda
beyond what they read in the US newspapers. The FBI's profile includes a
US-based supporter of the militant islamists. Attorney General Ashcroft
explained that an "either-or" approach is not useful. The media has tended to
overlook the fact that when the FBI uses the word "domestic" the word includes a
US-based, highly-educated supporter of the militant islamists. There is an
emerging consensus that anthrax was contained in a letter to AMI, the publisher
of the National Enquirer -- in a goofy love letter to Jennifer Lopez enclosing a
Star of David and proposing marriage. A report by the Center for Disease Control
of interviews with AMI employees (as well as detailed interviews by author
Leonard Cole) supports the conclusion that there were not one, but two, such
mailings containing anthrax. (The letters were to different AMI publications --
one to the National Enquirer and another to The Sun). (News assistant Bobby
Bender recalls the letter containing the items to have been addressed to The
Sun.) This tactic of letters is not merely the modus operandi of these militant
islamists inspired by Zawahiri, it is their signature. The islamists sent letter
bombs in January 1997 to newspaper offices in New York City and Washington,
D.C.. They were sent in connection with the earlier bombing of the World Trade
Center and the imprisonment of the blind sheik, Sheik Abdel Rahman. The former
leader of the Egyptian Al-Gamaa al-Islamiya ("Islamic Group"), he was also a
spiritual leader of Al Qaeda. The letter bombs were sent in connection with the
treatment of the Egyptian islamists imprisoned for the earlier attack on the WTC
and a related plot. The purpose of the letter bombs -- which resulted in minimal
casualty -- was to send a message. (There initially was an outstanding $2
million reward -- under the rewards for justice program, the reward now is up to
$5 million.). There was no claim of responsibility. There was no explanation.
Once one had been received, the next ten, mailed on two separate dates, were
easily collected. Sound familiar? Two bombs were also sent to Leavenworth, where
a key WTC 1993 defendant was imprisoned, addressed to "Parole Officer." (The
position does not exist). Abdel Rahman's son was captured in Quetta, Pakistan in
mid-February 2003. That arrest in turn led to the dramatic capture of Khalid
Mohammed, Al Qaeda's #3. Mohammed allegedly was hiding in the home of the
Pakistani bacteriologist Dr. Abdul Qadoos Khan. Along with Zawahiri, Abdel
Rahman and his two sons have had considerable influence over Bin Laden. He
reportedly treated them like sons. Although while in jail in the early 1980s,
Zawahiri caused considerable tension by challenging the blind sheik's ability to
lead a coalition of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad and the Egyptian Islamic Group,
Zawahiri and OBL are Rahman's friends. The imprisoned WTC 1993 plotter Yousef
was KSM's nephew. Thus, the leaders in charge of Al Qaeda's anthrax production
program had a close connection to those imprisoned in connection with the
earlier bombing of the World Trade Center. According to the controversial "Feith
memo," which summarized purported intelligence showing an Iraqi/Al Qaeda
connection, Osama Bin Laden had asked Iraqi intelligence for technical
assistance in sending letter bombs a half year before the Al Hayat letters were
sent. Just because Al Qaeda likes its truck bombs and the like to be effective
does not mean they do not see the value in a deadly missive. As Brian Jenkins
once said, "terrorism is theater." A sender purporting to be islamist sent
cyanide in both early 2002 and early 2003 in New Zealand and ingredients of
nerve gas in Belgium in 2003. There's even a chapter titled "Poisonous Letter"
in the Al Qaeda manual. The "Federal Eagle" stamp used in the anthrax mailings
was a blue-green. It was widely published among the militant islamists that
martyrs go to paradise "in the hearts of green birds." In the very interview in
which they admitted 9/11, and described the codes used for the four targets for
the planes, the masterminds admitted to the Jenny code, the code for
representing the date 9/11, and used the symbolism of the "Green Birds." Osama
Bin Laden later invoked the symbolism in his video "The 19 Martyrs." A FAQ on
the Azzam Publications website explained that "In the Hearts of Green Birds"
refers to what is inside. The mailer's use of "Greendale School" as the return
address for the letters to the Senators is also revealing. A May 2001 letter
that Zawahiri sent to Egyptian Islamic Jihad members abroad establish that
Zawahiri used "school" as a code word for the Egyptian militant islamists in his
correspondence. Green symbolizes Islam and was the Prophet Mohammed's color. By
Greendale School, the anthrax perp was being cute, just as Yazid Sufaat was
being cute in naming his lab Green Laboratory Medicine. "Dale" means "river
valley." Greendale likely refers to green river valley -- i.e., Cairo's Egyptian
Islamic Jihad or the Islamic Group. The sender probably is announcing that he is
of either Egyptian Islamic Jihad, Egyptian Islamic Group or Jihad-al Qaeda,
which is actually the full name of the group after the merger of the Egyptian
Islamic Jihad and al Qaeda. At the Darunta complex where jihadis trained,
recruits would wear green uniforms, except for Friday when they were washed. In
a Hadith the Messenger of Allah explains that the souls of the martyrs are in
the hearts of green birds that fly wherever they please in the Paradise. As to
opportunity, though seldom reported, there is a wealth of "open source"
information about possible Al Qaeda or Egyptian Islamic Jihad or Egyptian
Islamic Group in the United States and Canada. The public information mostly
relates to those suspected sleepers who have been detained or who are at large
and are being sought. Zawahiri's mission in the United States in 1995 was to do
spadework for terrorism, not fundraising for charitable causes. He traveled
under an alias and was accompanied by a former US Army sergeant named Ali
Mohammed. What mosques exactly did they visit and who did they meet? Whatever
your political persuasion, the FBI and CIA deserve our support. We are, after
all, in this together. First, the nature of such an investigation is that we
lack sufficient information to second-guess (or even know) what the FBI is
doing. Media reports are a poor approximation of reality because of the lack of
good sources. Second, hindsight is 20/20. Third, with the "new age" Efrem
Zimbalist, Jr. in charge of the investigation, it is not likely we could do
better in striking the appropriate balance between due process and national
security. Finally, the "Hatfill theory" seems to have been exhausted or at least
lost public favor. The "Hatfill theory" accusing Dr. Stephen Hatfill was always
highly dubious. The suspicion was founded on many false premises, and there was
no reliable publicly known evidence indicating his guilt. The FBI's fixation on
Hatfill (at least as rumored by some reporters) may have stemmed from a warning
by one Senator that careers hung in the balance. Leahy's chief of staff
apparently started with the strong predisposition that some right-winger was
involved because two liberal democrats had been targeted. The Hatfill theory --
to include ongoing interviews and ongoing 7/24 surveillance by 8 surveillance
specialists -- is now the subject of pending civil rights and libel claims of
uncertain merit. A suit against the New York Times and columnist Nicholas
Kristof was dismissed in late November 2004. The judge had agreed to delay the
civil rights matter from proceeding until at least October 2004. The judge,
frustrated by the apparent lack of progress, encouraged that the parties reach a
negotiated compromise that would permit some limited discovery to proceed (and
the judge has directed that the government to file an Answer to the Complaint).
The Hatfill Theory ironically might best be understood as an Al Qaeda theory,
with a coincidental Malaysian connection adding to the other circumstances.
Given the regrettable leaks that he was under suspicion, it is only fair that
the FBI leak with equal enthusiasm the fact that Dr. Hatfill has now been
dropped as a suspect if and when that proves to be the case. A search of Dr. Ken
Berry's residences likely will prove just about the last gasp of a biodefense
insider theory. Senior officials have been quoted in the press as saying that
the searches were for the purpose of excluding him as much as including him. 

Maureen, Andre is going to look over the list of curves needed for the global
assets (August Board meeting) one more time before I forward it to you. He will
make sure that we do not request FX and inflation (CPI,PPI, etc.) curves when
only one of the curves will actually be used in the valuation process and to
determine which inflation index is needed. Typically, we receive both FX and
inflation from you, but both curves may not always be used. I hope that we can
give you some time savings by eliminating any nonessential requests. For now,
this is the list of countries for which we will probably need the FX and/or
inflation curves. I will send the specifics per Andre later today. India
Philippines Bolivia Jamaica Guatemala Venezuela Columbia Puerto Rico CPI only (I
need historical inflation data, as well) Panama Brazil we have current data
already China we have current data already Euro inflation only I am not certain
about the needs for the London Underwriting/IV group but will request the
information from them if you have not done so already. Thanks! Cindy David and
Cindy, Please send us the list of the curves that you will need to revalue our
international assets for the August Board meeting. Thanks, Maureen Philip, I
have to decline the invitation with regrets. I have too many commitments right
now. Vince Kaminski Dear Vince Just a quick message to follow up on the email
that I sent you recently inviting you to speak at our forthcoming congress, Risk
2001 Australia, which is taking place in Sydney on 20 & 21 August 2001. Have you
had an opportunity to consider the invitation yet? We are aiming to have the
programme printed next week, so I would really need to know as soon as possible
if you would be available to speak at this year's congress. I am working from
our Hong Kong office for this week only (Tel: +852 2545 2710), and I can be
contacted by phone there or by email. Kind regards. Philip Philip Annesley
Conference Producer Risk Waters Group +44 20 7484 9866 +44 20 7484 9800
www.risk-conferences.com/risk2001aus Beth has made our reservations for the
Round Table Friday night (5/18) at Sullivan's Steak House for 6:30. See you all
there - this is ling overdue Paula Paula, Thanks a lot. Will you drive on that
day? Vince Beth has made our reservations for the Round Table Friday night
(5/18) at Sullivan's Steak House for 6:30. See you all there - this is ling
overdue Paula FYI Vince Anne, Mike will call you regarding Sarah. Vince, As I
mentioned in my voice mail, Mike Roberts going to hire Sara Woody, a recent MBA
grad from Rice, into his group. However, when we were talking about this
position, Mike compared Sara to Elena. Elena's title is admin coordinator, and I
know that Sara should not have this title, and honestly do not think that Elena
should also. Admin coordinator's do primarily administrative work. I suggest
that you compare Elena and Sarah's duties/ level to other Sr. Spec. in your
group such as Kenneth Parkhill and Sevil to determine if they are equivalent, or
if their scope of responsibilities and experience is not as broad. If the latter
is the case, we could place both Sara and Elena in a specialist job group ( the
salary range is 33-66K). Please advise. Thanks, Anne Clayton, Thanks a lot. I
appreciate all your help. Vince Vince- Good news. Martin's box is working
wonderfully- I'll have everything transferred to it and give him the keys by
Friday. This was (another) nice deal for Enron. We save $21,000 in real money
this way, the cash refund Sun is giving Enron for our other server, using a box
that wasn't being used by anyone. I'm happy about this. Clayton Iris,
Congratulations. Anne, please, include this info in Iris' file Vince 

Michael: Thanks for putting the paperwork together. I would have interest in
meeting if you can present unique investment opportunities that I don't have
access to now. Most of my contact with financial advisors in the past has
consisted of them suggesting a mutual fund, telling me to invest in Home Depot,
Sun, and Coke, or trying to pass off their banks' biased research reports as
something valuable. The above services provide no value to me personally. If you
can present opportunities such as access to private equity or hedge funds, or
other ideas with strong growth potential and low correlation to the S@P, I'd
listen. John John - We'll get the paperwork together and sent to you for naked
options. At some point, I'd like to talk about the diversification strategy in
more detail -- perhaps over dinner or a quick meeting after the markets close?
Michael Gapinski Account Vice President Emery Financial Group PaineWebber, Inc.
713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 Fax: 713-654-1281 Cell: 281-435-0295 Michael:
Appreciate the idea. However, with my natural long, I'm not looking to really
trade around the position. I believe ENE will continue to be range bound, but in
case it is not, I don't want to forgo 50% of my option premium. I have price
targets of where I would like to lighten up exposure to ENE and will use calls
to implement the stategy. To that regards, I noticed I was not approved to sell
naked calls. I would like that ability in order to hedge some exposure I have of
unexercised vested options. Please look into that for me. John. John - I was
looking at the recent pullback in ENE and thinking it might be an opportunity to
buy back the calls you sold. Of course, you would then be in a position to sell
calls again if the stock makes a bounce. I'm not sure that ENE @ 75 is the
place, but maybe @ 73. Call me if you're interested. Michael Gapinski Account
Vice President Emery Financial Group PaineWebber, Inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119
x365 Fax: 713-654-1281 Cell: 281-435-0295 Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and
Instructions: Please do not transmit orders and/or instructions regarding your
PaineWebber account(s) by e-mail. Orders and/or instructions transmitted by
e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and PaineWebber will not be
responsible for carrying out such orders and/or instructions. Notice Regarding
Privacy and Confidentiality: PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and
review the content of all e-mail communications sent and/or received by its
employees. Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions: Please do not
transmit orders and/or instructions regarding your PaineWebber account(s) by
e-mail. Orders and/or instructions transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by
PaineWebber and PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders
and/or instructions. Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality: PaineWebber
reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail
communications sent and/or received by its employees. Notice Regarding Entry of
Orders and Instructions: Please do not transmit orders and/or instructions
regarding your PaineWebber account(s) by e-mail. Orders and/or instructions
transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and PaineWebber will
not be responsible for carrying out such orders and/or instructions. Notice
Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality: PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor
and review the content of all e-mail communications sent and/or received by its
employees. Who cares?????? Please note that effective immediately my email
address has changed to Sean.Cooper@ElPaso.com He just rescheduled to Wednesday.
How about dinner on Wednesday after that ? Your buddy Beau invited me. How about
prior to that or after that on Tuesday. not really... already have plans on
thursday . are you going to the NYMEX candidate cocktail hour Tuesday? oh god is
there an agenda. Would dinner Thursday work instead. not really... already have
plans on thursday . are you going to the NYMEX candidate cocktail hour Tuesday?
oh god is there an agenda. 

Wednesday doesn't work for me. How about Tuesday's at 3:30 Houston time. i
completely agree. I would like to have a meeting once a week for 1-2 hours with
all 6 of us just to make sure we are moving forward and to get an update and
anything and everything. My only concern is that we take the boys away from
their overwhelming task. What do you guys think. John OK. I will have to move my
weekly meeting to Tuesday. Monday's starting next week at 4???????????????
Wednesday doesn't work for me. How about Tuesday's at 3:30 Houston time. i
completely agree. I would like to have a meeting once a week for 1-2 hours with
all 6 of us just to make sure we are moving forward and to get an update and
anything and everything. My only concern is that we take the boys away from
their overwhelming task. What do you guys think. John Not yet. Did you happen to
sign your employment agreement? Please respond to request below. Thanks. John
Lavorato has requested the attached report. He is concerned about the allocation
amongst categories- in particular, Real Time Traders. If you would, please
review the entire list and let me know if you are in agreement with the
presentation by tomorrow evening, if possible. I'm at xif you have any
questions. Thanks! I understand all of those comparisons, however, the reality
is if we lose Dean (which we will if we don't pay 65k + 10k), we will end up
hiring a replacement at 75-80k. This is pretty easy math for me. I know it seems
like a stretch, but the market for hourly traders is very strong right now. I
would like to get this done ASAP. Thanks. I am reviewing the request for an
employment agreement renewal on Mark Dean Laurent. Juan communicated some
numbers to me and when reviewing this request would like to ask you to consider
the following: Current Salary: $47,500 Job Group: Specialist YE PRC Rating:
Satisfactory Original Proposition: Base Salary 65k 1 Year Agreement $5,000
signing Revised Proposal: Base Salary: 55k 1 Year agreement $5,000 signing
Business Case: If we offered Dean 55k or 60k it would still constitute a over a
$10,000 increase (approximately 25%) and taking into consideration he was rated
as satisfactory at the specialist level. Also, the top of the salary range for a
specialist is 66k. It would still give him room to progress in the current job
group should he not be promoted. Secondly, he will still out price performers
that you have in the same job group that are excellent and strong performers
respectively eg. Paul Thomas, Jason Choate, Todd DeCook and Peter Makkai. Salary
Listing in Job Group: Maria Valdes superior $62,500 Paul Thomas excellent
$55,008 Jason Choate excellent $60,008 Todd DeCook strong $42,008 Peter Makkai
strong $47,500 Let me know your thoughts....then I will run it by Oxley. Are we
going to attend? Transmission Expansion and Systems in Transition Conference
Feb. 5-8, 2002, Miami, Florida OVERVIEW This conference will examine the
business and regulatory challenges to U.S. electric systems in transition in
effectively expanding transmission capacity to meet new demands in the larger
and more competitive regional markets emerging under FERC 's RTO initiatives.
The conference will review the parameters of these challenges and possible
solutions to them. It will examine technology options and new business models
for transmission expansion. It will analyze emerging proposals for effective
transmission planning and pricing, including market-based pricing alternatives
to FERC's traditional pricing methods. The conference will also discuss what it
will take in legislative action and regulatory initiative to achieve an
efficient regime for ensuring that the nation has a reliable grid and regional
trading system. The brochure for the Conference and associated Workshops can be
obtained by clicking on the link below:<http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf>
<< http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf >> Electricity Market Design
Conference March 25-26, 2002, Atlanta, Georgia 

I need to check something in 969's 2000 tax return. Who has the 2000 tax return
file for 969? Essie Sonya City 07/30/2001 05:17 PM <Embedded Picture (Device
Independent Bitmap)> I think that this is for you since I don't know any of
these people. WHO: Enron WHAT: Happy Hour for John Suarez WHEN: Today at 5pm
WHERE: The Front Porch 217 Gray St. (713) 571-9571 WHY: Today is John's last day
at EBS. This is NOT an Enron-sponsored event. How do you feel about taking on
another company? Essie and Leon have proposed xferring Co. 1691 to your world
(see below). Do you concur? Please let me know Monday morning. Regards,
Vicsandra If you have not already made these decisions, Essie's guidance should
be helpful. Patty Lee Corporate Tax x35172 EB1774 Please see my comments in red
below. Essie Essie, Can you recommend where these companies each fit within the
new organization? If possible, can you also give an indication of the rank - 1
through 5? Thanks, Patty I have a few entities that may need to change groups or
be assigned to a group. 18T - EI Indonesia Operations LLC This entity is not in
TIS, SAP, nor Hyperion. The 2000 tax return has no income, assets, or
liabilities. There is a corporate data sheet for this company, but this entity
seems to have been inactive since it's creation. 86M - Enron Net Works LLC
Despite the name, this entity appears to be a MTM company. Per September
financials, this company has about $3M of MTM and about $8K of expenses, nothing
else. The next 5 companies were my responsibility while in EBS, and did not get
assigned during the reorg. 80Y - Enron Broadband Acquisition, Inc. This entity
was created in 2000 for the acquistion of WarpSpeed Communications (now Enron
WarpSpeed Services, Inc. 83N), and then dissolved upon completion of merger.
Company is around with a small amount of assets and liabilities, but no I/S
items. 83N is my responsibility. I think this entity should stay with 83N. So I
suggest it be assigned to Leon. It should be 4 - easy. 1579 - EBS Network Co.
Division of 17H. This one should possibly be assigned to Networks & Services
group. Not currently on our list of companies. I think this could go to either
Holding/Administrative Companies (Same as 17H) or Network & Services (Leon). 4 -
easy. 1691 - EPI-EBS Europe Set up last month to centralize merchant asset
activities. Broke out the activities of 1179. A similar entity (1179) was
assigned to Commodity and Trade (Todd Richards and Mary Fischer) so this one
should be assigned to them as well. 4 - easy. 1307 - EBIC-Apache, LLC Rolls up
to Cherokee Finance VOF, a CFC. Cherokee Finance VOF is assigned to North
America (Glen Walloch and Kevin Walker). Maybe this one should also go to them
as the only tax which may have to be provided would be foreign tax. 4 - easy.
1689 - EPI-EBS Ventures, LLC Set up last month to centralize merchant asset
activities. Broke out the activities of 1307. Same as 1307. It should be
assigned to North America (Glen Walloch and Kevin Walker). 4 - easy. Let me know
if you have any questions. Leon Branom Senior Tax Analyst Networks and Services
(713) 345-8702 office leon.branom@enron.com No problem about moving Company 1691
over I see that it is a 4, so that will be no problem. How do you feel about
taking on another company? Essie and Leon have proposed xferring Co. 1691 to
your world (see below). Do you concur? Please let me know Monday morning.
Regards, Vicsandra If you have not already made these decisions, Essie's
guidance should be helpful. Patty Lee Corporate Tax x35172 EB1774 Please see my
comments in red below. Essie Essie, Can you recommend where these companies each
fit within the new organization? If possible, can you also give an indication of
the rank - 1 through 5? Thanks, Patty 

Virginia, Hello. I was originally inquiring about purchasing a Cross or Signac
impressionist lithograph. I found them and purchased both from a gallery in
London, William Weston. They should be delivered this week. They are beautiful
and will add a lot to our collection. By the way the Lichtenstein is up and
hanging in our formal living room and it is magnificent. I have also purchased
an Appel in the last month. I am interested in several artists. Actually, a lot.
I will be looking for one or more of the following. My concept is that overtime
I would like to own one of all the following artists and they are all depending
when I find something that we really like. I listed all of our (sometimes mine
vs. my wife's favorites and priorities). They are kind of in rank order but as I
stated if I find the piece that I like we will purchase it. I want signed and
numbered. I realize that some were not signed by the artist but it is an
important fact in my buying decision. I also realize that some may not have done
any works on paper or they are outrageously expensive. For example, I would like
to know if Rothko or Kline did any work on paper. At least that is what I am
thinking now. Bonnard (colorful only) Lautrec Suerat (any works on paper? - I
don't know that he did any) Other impressionist or post impressionist lithos
Braque Moore Arp Rouault Modrian Rothko Kline Motherwell By the way, I am
interested in re-looking at a Picasso (although we have 2) that your gallery had
a couple of years ago. It was a cubist piece from the 1920s and I believe you
called the technique a "push wa" (pronunciation Vs an attempt at the proper
spelling). It was for sale in a couple of galleries in SF and was about $20,000.
Is there 1 available? Also I am still thinking about the Matisse we discussed
before but as you can see, I have a lot of other artists I am interested in and
it may remain on the back burner because we already have one. Thanks, mike
Huskers drool over Sooners. Ken Rice@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 01/19/2001 09:14 AM
Huskers rule, Sooners drool. Mike McConnell@ECT 01/19/01 07:55 AM Thanks for the
note. Sooners rule. We'll find time when things settle down. m Ken Rice@ENRON
COMMUNICATIONS 01/19/2001 07:24 AM Mike I see that we are scheduled to have
lunch today. I may have to postpone again, I'll let you know later this morning.
I am out all weekend and we have to have the final comments on the Analyst
Presentation in by sunday night so I may be working over lunch. Actually, I
think we are in pretty good shape so I will probably be doing lunch but just
don't be too mad if I have to cancel. Ken PS Your brother told me he went to 3
bowl games (when I found out that two of them were the galleryfurniture.com bowl
and that one in Shreveport (I can't remember the name of it)) I realized he is a
very, very sick college football fan. Jeff, here is the intial draft. Please
leave as a word document and make any changes and additions that you think
necessary. I haven't even changed the wording after I first put it down. Mike
Mark, I thought you would enjoy the comment about you. m Ken Rice@ENRON
COMMUNICATIONS 01/19/2001 07:24 AM Mike I see that we are scheduled to have
lunch today. I may have to postpone again, I'll let you know later this morning.
I am out all weekend and we have to have the final comments on the Analyst
Presentation in by sunday night so I may be working over lunch. Actually, I
think we are in pretty good shape so I will probably be doing lunch but just
don't be too mad if I have to cancel. Ken PS Your brother told me he went to 3
bowl games (when I found out that two of them were the galleryfurniture.com bowl
and that one in Shreveport (I can't remember the name of it)) I realized he is a
very, very sick college football fan. 

I will put this on our calendars. Too bad you won't make the Compaq thing, but
maybe next year. San Antonio, wow what a let down from the other cities. That
will be a nice time of year though. I can recommend some good restaurants since
I took Ric there last year for his birthday. We stayed at the Menger and had a
great time. Kay Mann@ENRON 09/20/2000 04:18 PM This Friday - Michael goes for a
visit at St. Francis, which may be his new school (so far, so good). I'll be in
around1000 Most Fridays I'm going to TRY to pick Michael up since I'm away so
much, which means leaving by 445 or so. October 4, ENA orientation in the am.
October 19/20, Neil is out of town, so I have to pick Michael up from school
(leave at 430) October 26/27, hope to be vacation time. Neil has a meeting in
San Antonio (usually it is in Miami, San Francisco, Phoenix - not so great this
year). It is the officer's meeting for Enterprise, and spouses are invited. This
means we won't be in town for the Compaq thing. Figures, of course. Thanks for
asking. I'm watching for some good vacation days, also... fyi/review/comment I
have a couple of questions so I can wrap up the LOI: We refer to licensed Fuel
Cell Energy equipment. Do we intend to reference a particular manufacturer, or
should this be more generic? Do we want to attach a draft of the Development
Agreement, and condition the final deal on agreeing to terms substantially the
same as what's in the draft? I have a concern that the Enron optionality bug
could bite us on the backside with that one. Do we expect to have ONE EPC
contract, or several? I'm looking for the confidentiality agreement, which may
be in Bart's files (haven't checked closely yet). If anyone has it handy, it
could speed things up for me. Thanks, Kay Forget the ONE or more contract
questions. I see we expect to have separate contracts for each project. I have a
couple of questions so I can wrap up the LOI: We refer to licensed Fuel Cell
Energy equipment. Do we intend to reference a particular manufacturer, or should
this be more generic? Do we want to attach a draft of the Development Agreement,
and condition the final deal on agreeing to terms substantially the same as
what's in the draft? I have a concern that the Enron optionality bug could bite
us on the backside with that one. Do we expect to have ONE EPC contract, or
several? I'm looking for the confidentiality agreement, which may be in Bart's
files (haven't checked closely yet). If anyone has it handy, it could speed
things up for me. Thanks, Kay On the issue of the contracts, the draft says that
the $170m is paid when the EPC contract is signed. Are we expecting that the
portion attributable to each project will be paid as the individual EPC
contracts are signed? Thanks, Kay 1. The pricing that we have given CRRA is
specific to FuelCell Energy and would not be meaningful without listing the
manufacturer (i.e., ONSI would be a lot more money). Hence, I think that we have
to reference the manufacturer. 2. The attachment of the Development Agreement is
a Jeff question. In order to mark any 2000 income, we will need to get CRRA to
execute the Development Agreement in 2000. In my opinion, we should show CRRA a
copy of the LOI with the assumption that the Development Agreement is attached.
I would actually send them the draft Development Agreement a couple days after
the LOI. Based on how CRRA reacts, I would make an ultimate determination if the
agreement needs to be attached to the LOI. 3. I expect at least one EPC contract
per project. We don't want to condition the acceptance of one project on the
performance of another project. Performance tests will either be performed on a
project basis or a unit by unit basis in a given project. Remarkably clear
explanation. Sent by: Ben Jacoby@ECT FYI, see below. 

Mom's birthday is tommorow. What are we going to get her? Chris That is some
good stuff. I hear you are coming our way soon. Look forward to drinking a few
beers. Chris Michael McDermott <Michael.McDermott@spectrongroup.com> on
06/01/2000 06:00:56 AM Yo Mama`s so fat .... Your mama is so fat: When she hauls
ass she has to make two trips. When she dances she makes the band skip. When she
was diagnosed with the flesh eating disease the doctor gave her 13 years to
live. She puts mayonnaise on aspirin. (<- clearly the winner) Her cereal bowl
came with a lifeguard. When she goes to the zoo the elephants throw her peanuts.
Her high school graduation picture was an aerial photograph. Her driver`s
license says "Picture continued on other side." She has to iron her pants on the
driveway. The back of her neck looks like a pack of hot dogs. Yo mama`s so fat,
all the restaurants in town have signs that say: "Maximum Occupancy: 240 Patrons
OR Yo Mama" Yo mama`s so fat, when she ran away, they had to use all four sides
of the milk carton. Yo mama`s so fat, instead of Levis 501 jeans, she wears
Levi`s 1002`s. Yo mama`s so fat, when she gets in an elevator, it HAS to go
down. Yo mama`s so fat, she was born with a silver shovel in her mouth. Yo
mama`s so fat, she`s got smaller fat women orbiting around her. Yo mama`s so
fat, she could sell shade. You will have to wait and see :-) Done! Expect a call
from Paul tonight. Chris What are some good interview questions? Poll your
co-workers. cd I told Paul that you called him yesterday so abruptly because you
didn't want to waste his time while you got tests done for arthritis. I told him
I told you to call him back and at least hear what he has to say. He said they
are looking for people and based on what I told him an interview was a
formality. Chris Is that Microwave that you gave Dan really expensive? All the
guys at work are saying I shouldn't bother having it fixed I should just buy a
new one. Chris Jai Hawker 974-6721 I won't forget about the $. Do I need to
cross reference the deals in my model to the deals in the system or did you
already do that? Chris Kathy, Don't take that deal out until I look at it. I
think it is mine but I forgot to write it in the blue FX book (I only wrote it
in my red book). Thanx, Chris Just a reminder to send me a currency report.
Thanx, Chris Paul called me today. He will be in Calgary in a couple of weeks
and will interview you then. Chris You should reply ASAP. Don't make Peters and
Co. wait. Chris I didn't get a chance to talk to Paul today. Give him a call
tommorow. Chris Will you please run a June NX3/NX1 for our book. Paul How about
meeting at 11:30 or 12? I am in the office so give me a call. CD 3-1663 The deed
is done. Chris Find attached resume and cover letter. Hopefully he didn't spel
anyting incorrectly. Dan is really smart and a hard worker. I think he would be
a good fit. Give me a call Tuesday afternoon to discuss (gone to Kelowna golfing
for the weekend). Cheers, Chris I haven't had a chance to send it yet. Paul is
out of the office today so I haven't had a chance to talk to him. I'll send it
as soon as you resond wether I should or not. Chris Are you guys still looking
for an analyst? Should I send the resume to Dawn or you directly? Chris Enron
Canada Corp. Suite 1100, 70 York Street Toronto, Ontario M5J 1S9 416-865-3700
Paul DeVries - Director 416-865-3703 Jan Wilson - Manager 416-865-3704 Attached
is a forecast for the rest of the summer for the X (NWP and PGT). We should try
to have a conference call with the west desk to discuss as soon as we can. Chris
See you there! CD Sushi tonight? Ryan Watt says high. Chris I will be able to
attend. Chris 

Mike Jordan 26/09/2000 14:14 Fernley / Sally Off and on ( with Jackie Gentle's
help ) I have pulled together a one page communication note on our fundamental
operating standards ( itself a one page summary ). We are in the final stages of
this process - where we draft a cover letter for John which will introduce this
for inclusion within Globalflash ( the Enron Europe newsletter ) Have you any
thoughts on draft or cover note ? Mike Late Jan sounds great. Meagan does have a
couple of big things on the weekend in January -- National Charity League Senior
Presentation (big dance that she and I are committed to help with), the
Bearkadette Ball and a winter party for Cotillion. I believe that these are
three weekends in a row, January 6, 13 and 20th. So the last weekend in January
would work well (and I will need a rest from formal affairs!). Does that work
for you? And do you want to do it on a Saturday or Sunday? Saturday probably
works better for me, just so that I am back in Houston and doing laundry by
Sunday afternoon!! Hi... Talked to the little mother-to-be. She said a shower
would be grand. She has some big presentation mid-January. How does late January
sound to you. Should we set a date now? Am I turning into Mother? Cindy I think
that it is a great idea to get some press regarding our fundamental operating
standards, but I wonder about the most appropriate timing, enough of a global
message and the means of delivery. On the means of delivery, I am not sure from
your note whether or not I fully understand the intent. Is there an article to
be included in an Enron publication and in addition a letter to be sent under
John's name (if so, to whom will the letter be sent)? Or is the letter from John
an introduction to be included as a lead in to the article? With regard to a
global message, I think that one of the key points around fundamental operating
standards are that they are intended to be global in nature, applied to every
commodity and every location where we engage in trading activities. With these
operating standards implemented worldwide, we will know as operations
professionals that risk is being mitigated and we will be able to ensure Enron
top management that there is consistency in operating standards worldwide. These
global standards also should enable Enron to expand its business reach more
quickly, with well defined requirements with regard to trading operations. I am
not sure from the article as written that the global nature of this effort comes
across. Finally, a question regarding timing. The last I knew after you and
Brent drafted this starting point for fundamental operating standards was that
this was being circulated (Shona took this to do after Brent's return to
Houston) for comments to all business controllers. I don't believe that we are
quite at the point that we can say that all business controllers worldwide have
reviewed, understand and have implemented these standards. And not to belittle
the process of creating the standards, the tough part (and the real meat behind
this) will be an effective exception report on a global basis against these
standards. My commitment to Rick Causey is that I will have that global report
in production by the end of the year. There is much work to do in defining the
content and regularity of the report and even more work to do to identify
reliable sources of data for compiling the report. Shona has commissioned Mike
Moscoso to work on this, and I believe that Mike has already been working with
James New. So I question whether or not you want to publish info about
fundamental standards that we can not yet report against. Would a more
appropriate time be after the Global Operations Controller meeting in October
when we should have worldwide buy-in and commitment to these standards and
(hopefully) our first draft of a meaningful exception report? Sorry that this
response looks so long. I have been interrupted 20 times while responding, so I
hope that it makes sense. Thanks for sharing this with me. Since you asked for
input, I hope that you don't mind that I gave you some. --Sally 

David W Delainey@ECT 11/10/2000 01:04 PM Steve, I noticed that our allocation
from 2000 to 2001 is going up by 21% year on year (ie) $13.9M from $11.5M. We
have been able to keep ENA's direct group expenses flat year on year, we are
trying hard to keep the corporate allocation flat year to year as well. Do you
have a view on how we might be able to achieve this goal? Regards Delainey Don't
worry about it ... sorry for putting you back on speaker. I just wanted Sue to
hear (she enjoys utility bashing so much). Thanks for the comment on the
hearing. In some respects I don't think the first panel could have gone much
better; everyone thanked FERC for intervening (though for different reasons).
The other staff reports are also looking good. Scott Miller has been a godsend
-- somebody not afraid to tell it like it is. Jeff Dasovich Sent by: Jeff
Dasovich 11/10/2000 12:33 PM I apologize if I offended anyone. Please let them
know that I was simply quoting the CEO of a large, regulated utility in
California. Thanks for attributing the quote to me. You did a great job at the
hearing----it went decidely downhill after you left. Best, Jeff Does she have
any interest in meeting one-on-one or is she just looking for a public hanging?
I remain convinced that if we can just get the facts in front of people they
will modulate their approach. Jeff Dasovich Sent by: Jeff Dasovich 11/10/2000
12:21 PM Given the short notice, we will politely decline to participate at the
hearing on Monday, but will let the good Senator know that, in general, we
intend to engage actively in the process and plan to help California find a
solution that works for everybody. Amen. See below. Can we get some help on the
IBM issues? Erin Rice 11/10/2000 11:08 AM Steve: At this point, our IT contacts
are backpedalling a bit and suggesting they can overcome the TIBCO and Terminal
Server problems. There are still four important issues, however: IT still cannot
commit to transferring messages across domains. This means that messages
initiated at Corp and intended for the entire Enron organization will not reach
any business units outside the Corp domain. No messages will reach the EES
organization unless IBM agrees not to use their proprietary message delivery
tool, WebSphere, and will use WebLogic instead. WebLogic is required by BackWeb,
although it is designed by a separate company. HR, intended to be a key user of
this tool, will not use BackWeb because survey responses cannot be made
anonymous. HR has already purchased a tool called CONFIRMIT that can execute
anonymous surveys. Messages will not be delivered simultaneously to all users in
the same domain, nor will they be delivered for two to five hours after they are
sent by the message administrator. Another thing to consider is that these
messages will be set to expire and disappear within a set period of time,
meaning users cannot retrieve them and read them later (as they can with
e-mail). This means that I could be away from the office for several days and
miss a message entirely, because it would have expired and disappeared by the
time I returned. The plain fact is that a few members of IT are pushing this
initiative, but they lack commercial sponsorship. They are hoping Corp will foot
the bill for a pilot which will allow them to fully test this tool before
implementing it company-wide. Please let us know if you have additional
questions. - er Steven J Kean 11/09/2000 11:35 AM Do we have a sense for how
many we can reach, how many we can't and where they are? Are whole offices (eg
Tokyo) unreachable or is it only those who have home offices? Courtney Votaw
11/08/2000 11:02 AM Mark and Steve- Erin Rice and I would like to meet with you
to discuss the issues concerning BackWeb before we proceed. As you can see from
the Design Document, they are pretty significant. Thanks, Courtney calendar Paul
Kaufman@ECT Sent by: Lysa Akin@ECT 11/10/2000 05:59 PM Paul Kaufman has asked me
to set a conference call to review the FERC Meeting that was held Thursday, Nov.
9th. Please be advised that I have set the call as follows: Date: Monday, Nov.
13th Time: 11:30am / 1:30pm Central / 2:30pm Eastern Call In #: 888-422-7132 Pin
#: 411507 Pin # for Paul Kaufman ONLY: 362416 If you have any questions, please
call 503/464-7927. Lysa Akin Ass't. to Paul Kaufman 

it's on tonight it's did you watch your girl on tv last night? the deal number
is 814014-why can't you see this? Did you do a deal with National Fuel Marketing
purchasing 3,500 mmbtu on May 30th @2.975? They are invoicing for this and I
don't have an invoice for it. Can you give me the Sitara deal #? Thanks Darla Ok
to book for me and my husband, Joseph. I was issued a new corporate American
Express card. Same number with expiration date of 3/03. If you need any more
info, please advise. Otherwise, I will assume you will book the two tickets.
Thank you. Actually-upon second look the deal number is 814014-why can't you see
this? Did you do a deal with National Fuel Marketing purchasing 3,500 mmbtu on
May 30th @2.975? They are invoicing for this and I don't have an invoice for it.
Can you give me the Sitara deal #? Thanks Darla should be non bondad Jane, on
deal 763736 for May 01 sales to Southwest Gas, we have a pricing discrepancy.
Our system reflects SJ Bondad GDP but SWG is going to pay us based on SJ
Non-Bondad GDP. Can you please confirm which price is correct and make the
change in Sitara if necessary? Thanks Laurie Ellis Enron Net Works LLC Client
Services Phone: (713) 345-9945 Fax: (713) 646-8420 Email: laurie.ellis@enron.com
Sorry about the flooding. Hope you and your family survived ok. Attached are the
gas settlement and support for May. The only difference we had was for package
V02. Mark Anderson says that even though Bondad gas flowed, the price was
Non-Bondad. Have a great day. Nancy - ENRON.XLS << File: ENRON.XLS >> -
enrongss.xls << File: enrongss.xls >> actually -for volumes flowing out of
bondad-which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda;for blanco-deal number
759933-price is nonbondad gda Jane, on deal 763736 for May 01 sales to Southwest
Gas, we have a pricing discrepancy. Our system reflects SJ Bondad GDP but SWG is
going to pay us based on SJ Non-Bondad GDP. Can you please confirm which price
is correct and make the change in Sitara if necessary? Thanks Laurie Ellis Enron
Net Works LLC Client Services Phone: (713) 345-9945 Fax: (713) 646-8420 Email:
laurie.ellis@enron.com Sorry about the flooding. Hope you and your family
survived ok. Attached are the gas settlement and support for May. The only
difference we had was for package V02. Mark Anderson says that even though
Bondad gas flowed, the price was Non-Bondad. Have a great day. Nancy - ENRON.XLS
<< File: ENRON.XLS >> - enrongss.xls << File: enrongss.xls >> I talked with
Markat SW Gas-just honro his numbers Nancy, can you please reconfirm with Mark
the price for the gas at Bondad? My trader is supporting her price of SJ Bondad
GDP rather than SJ Non-Bondad GDP. Thanks Laurie Ellis Enron Net Works LLC
Client Services Phone: (713) 345-9945 Fax: (713) 646-8420 Email:
laurie.ellis@enron.com actually -for volumes flowing out of bondad-which is deal
number 763736 price is bondad gda;for blanco-deal number 759933-price is
nonbondad gda Jane, on deal 763736 for May 01 sales to Southwest Gas, we have a
pricing discrepancy. Our system reflects SJ Bondad GDP but SWG is going to pay
us based on SJ Non-Bondad GDP. Can you please confirm which price is correct and
make the change in Sitara if necessary? Thanks Laurie Ellis Enron Net Works LLC
Client Services Phone: (713) 345-9945 Fax: (713) 646-8420 Email:
laurie.ellis@enron.com Sorry about the flooding. Hope you and your family
survived ok. Attached are the gas settlement and support for May. The only
difference we had was for package V02. Mark Anderson says that even though
Bondad gas flowed, the price was Non-Bondad. Have a great day. Nancy - ENRON.XLS
<< File: ENRON.XLS >> - enrongss.xls << File: enrongss.xls >> Please find
enclosed EES's request for Volumes for PGE CityGate delvery effective 11/1/01:
See attached spreadsheet. Please quote the Gas on an Indexed Basis. If you have
any questions or comments, please advise. I have not had the patience to get it
working-I will callyou some evening and we can walk thru it. How was your trip
to Des Moines? Did dthat stuff form Joe help your car. Hey Cester, When are we
going to get NetMeeting going ? How is Deb's knee? Did she ever go to a real
doctor? [Tholt, Jane M.] YesShe is having physical theraphy 3 times a week. She
said it is getting better. I haven't seen her for a couple of weeks and have
only talked to her. I will probably be calling you next week-the desk wants me
to become more involved in regulatory updates so I will seek your assistance
with this matter. 

Jared just told me you have a BUNCH of stuff on your plate and I think you are
about to get much busier too. cool by me! Jared, Ruth and I are going to go over
all the Florida activity tomorrow morning. If no one objects, I will be the lead
coordinator on Florida starting tomorrow. Yes maam, she's UBS now. She was just
down here too. Chris, I didn't remember if your email mentioned Judy. Did she
make it? Cindy Franklin Transportation Services Work:832.676.3177 Fax:
832.676.1329 Pager: 1.888.509.3736
****************************************************************** This email
and any files transmitted with it from the ElPaso Corporation are confidential
and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are
addressed. If you have received this email in error please notify the sender.
****************************************************************** Jared, Ruth
and I are going to go over all the Florida activity tomorrow morning. If no one
objects, I will be the lead coordinator on Florida starting tomorrow. OK, I
never get to talk to Ruth because SHE IS ALWAYS ON THE PHONE. And I bet she's on
the phone with Shemin too!!! Should we all get together and make a conference
call to Dominion like we did before or should I just call Jeff Davis myself? Our
last call was Iris Kind, Bill Savier(sp?), and Jeff Davis. Don't forget about
me. I'm still trying to find out what it will take to move gas on and ENA tabs
agreement. No transportation at this point, just a tabs. Also, it will be much
easier for you guys to monitor because most of the deals will be monthly. Steve,
everything looks good with one exception. The rate schedule on Tennessee should
be either NET-2 or NET-284. I won't find out until Monday. You review and
approve it, keep it on your desk, and I will come over and make the change at
your desk on Monday. Then I'll take it to Ed for his approval. By the way,
Cullen and Dykman is sending copies of what we are doing to Melanie Gray. Chris:
Per our conversation a few minutes ago, attached please find the revised
Stipulation. This document has been modified with the changes that were in the
mark-up you faxed to Toni Donohue here a few hours ago. I also deleted "subject
to recall" based on our discussion, assuming you get approval for that revision.
You informed me that you would discuss this with your attorney. Also, as I
mentioned to you, we have faxed your mark-up to Melanie Gray at Weil Gotschal in
Houston to keep her informed. (Her voice mail says she's out of the office until
Monday.) Thanks for all your help on this. David T. Metcalfe Cullen and Dykman
LLP 177 Montague Street Brooklyn, New York 11201 phone: 718-780-0046 fax:
718-780-0276 e-mail: dmetcalfe@cullenanddykman.com
____________________________________________________ This email may contain
material that is confidential, privileged and/or attorney work product for the
sole use of the intended recipient(s). Any review, reliance or distribution by
others or forwarding without express permission is strictly prohibited. If you
are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender and delete all copies.
<<Stipulation -ECT-KEDNE re IGTS & Tennessee Cap Releases -FINAL.doc>>
<<BLACKLINE -Stip -ECT-KEDNE re Cap Releases -2-F.doc>> - Stipulation -ECT-KEDNE
re IGTS & Tennessee Cap Releases -FINAL.doc - BLACKLINE -Stip -ECT-KEDNE re Cap
Releases -2-F.doc A heartwarming story of the advances of women in achieving
equality throughout the world. Barbara Walters did a story on gender roles in
Kuwait several years before the Gulf War. She noted then that women customarily
walked about 10 feet behind their husbands. She returned to Kuwait recently and
observed that the men now walked several yards behind their wives. Ms. Walters
approached one of the women and said, "This is marvelous. Can you tell the free
world just what enabled women here to achieve this reversal of roles?" "Land
mines," said the Kuwaiti woman. Cullen and Dykman (attorneys for Boston Gas
Company) approved all of our changes on the agreement to release the Tenn and
Iroq space back to Boston Gas. They also made one other change, they are taking
out the "subject to recall" language at the bottom of page 2 under item #1. They
will be sending the revised document to me. I will deliver it to you for your
approval. Maybe we can go drinking too. That would be fun. I'll be at your house
around 10:30 or 11 tonight. YOU REALLY DO NOT HAVE TO GO. I KNOW YOU HAVE A LOT
GOING ON WITH YOU AND THE LITTLE WOMAN. I CAN HANDLE THE TRACTOR. love TO HAVE
YOU ALONG FOR THE COMPANY, BUT IT IS NOT NECESSARY. YOU HAVE A LOT ON YOU PLATE,
DAD. Chris.Germany@enron.com on 01/25/2002 03:13:58 PM Funny. No. I didn't feel
guilty about the garage sale, that's why I was annoyed - being notified at 10:00
at night GRRRRRRR. I do feel guilty about you doing all this work. So I'm going
with you, I pay for the gas and the twinkies. 

Correction, Jack welch is the CEO of GE, not GM. Vince Kaminski The eThink Team
We recently asked you to create an eSpeak "wish list" for us. The response was
tremendous and, in some cases, very creative. Your fellow employees asked for
everyone from Britney Spears to George Bush. In all, we received requests for
61persons outside of Enron to host an eSpeak event. We thought you might like to
know who your colleagues find interesting, so we've provided a sampling of the
suggestions below. Here are the top ten most requested eSpeakers. 10. Jack
Welch, CEO, General Motors 9. Scott McNeally, CEO, Sun Microsystems 8. Satisfied
Enron Customers 7. Stephen Covey, author, The Seven Habits of Highly Effective
People 6. Oprah Winfrey, talkshow host 5. General Colin Powell, former Chairman,
Joint Chiefs of Staff, U.S.A. 4. Alan Greenspan, Chairman, Federal Reserve,
U.S.A. 3. Former U.S. President George Bush 2. Bill Gates, CEO, Microsoft 1.
Texas Governor George W. Bush While we can't make any promises, we will do our
best to bring in at least some of these special guests. If you have any contacts
who could help us get in touch with these guest speakers, please let us know at
ethink@enron.com. Everybody needs a little help now and then, even eSpeak. There
were plenty of internal speakers requested, as well. Those requests should be
somewhat easier to meet, although scheduling time with some of our colleagues
can be quite a task! Thank you all for your participation. Dale, Confirmed.
Vince Vince: 7am at Hyatt Regency Downtown would be perfect. I will see you in
the lobby at 7am. Best regards, Dale Dale, Friday is a bad day (Performance
Review Committee all day). What about 7:00 at the office or breakfast meeting at
7:00? We can meet at Hyatt Regency Downtown (Smith Street). Vince Vince: Can we
get together Friday morning July 7 at 800 am at your office? That would be
particularly convenient for me. I will have to leave downtown at about 945 to
catch a plane. That will ensure that I wont take up too much of your time!!
Thanks for your efforts here, and thanks for being patient with me. Dale Nesbitt
FYI Vince sold! I'll initiate the call. Ed, Thursday works for me. What about
10:30 my time? Vince Please respond to <ekrapels@esaibos.com> how about
Thursday, July 6? Ed, A correction. I shall spend an entire day at PRC
(performance review) on Friday, July 7. Can we do on another day Vince Please
respond to <ekrapels@esaibos.com> I'll still be here in Boston so we'd do it
over the phone. OK? Ed, Will you be in Houston on that day or we shall do it
over the phone? Vince Please respond to <ekrapels@esaibos.com> Vince, How about
a pre-meeting web site cruise on Friday, July 7 at 11AM EDT? Ed Ed, July 12,
2:30 it is. I would like the pre-meeting site cruise. How can we arrange it?
Vince Please respond to <ekrapels@esaibos.com> Vince, We're all set for 2:30 on
July 12. How about a pre-meeting web site cruise on Friday, July 7 at 11AM EDT?
Ed Ed, Wednesday, July 12, 2:300 will work for me. I shall be glad to review
your website -- www.weathereffects.com. I shall invite some people who work on
electricity in my group to join me. Vince Please respond to
<ekrapels@esaibos.com> Vince, Good to hear from you and I'm glad you're
available. How is Wednesday at 2:30? I did look at EOL and am not surprised to
see its quality. I was unable to say much about it in my Risk Electricity
Hedging and Trading report because of deadline pressures. How is the site doing?
I am intrigued by the competition for trading platforms and was astonished to
hear that Goldman, Morgan, BP and Shell were going to launch a site to compete
with yours. Talk about a shotgun marriage! If we have time next week, I could
step you through our website -- www.weathereffects.com. I'm very proud of what
we've done. I can't give out a password yet but would be happy to walk through
the site with you over the phone using my password. It's a very ambitious site
-- with state-of-the-art WSI weather (seasonal, 6-10, and day to day) driving a
good load model for PJM and NEPOOL. ESAI contributes oil and gas input price
forecasts, capacity judgments, and "herding" ideas to develop power price
forecasts for same time periods. After one month's full-bore effort, I'm pleased
with the results (e.g., we forecast Nepool onpeak to be $43 and it turned out
$46). Have a great weekend. Ed Ed, I shall be available on both days. What about
Wednesday, July 12, between 1:30 and 4:00. Please, let me know what time would
work for you. It will be nice to see you again. Vince P.S. By the way, did you
have a chance to take a look at the EOL? Please respond to ekrapels@esaibos.com

Caroline Abramo@ENRON 03/02/2001 10:46 AM what do you think?
Joe_Lardy@cargill.com on 03/02/2001 10:39:03 AM Currently Cargill and Enron have
a 15MM collateral threshold. If possible, I think the cleanest way to run this
biz would be to put a box around the prime broker biz. We would still operate
under the master isda but could set up a mutually agreeable credit support annex
for this biz. We would still keep the 20,000,000 line referenced in Schedule B
of the POA agreement. The line in the POA is a seperate and distinct measure
from the daily collateral. The 20 mill reflects gross exposure. Let me know if
you think this is reasonable and workable. We too, are open to suggestion as the
Global and Enron relationships are very important and a high priority to us.
Thanks Joe Joe- a few things regading the POA/ Cargill line.. I am going to find
out how much line we currently have available... you probably already have this.
We should allocate a piece to Global which would solve the problem of other
Cargill people using the line, putting us over the limit, without me knowing...
We could change the language of the POA to this... we will not go over Global's
piece of the Cargill line...I think this would solve our main concern... Please
let me know... we are eager to keep trading with Global and yourselves...
Regards, Caroline Dee: Let me know if we need to discuss anything. I am hopeful
that we are ready to prepare execution copies. Regards. Sara Shackleton Susan
Bailey 02/27/2001 08:23 AM Dee, Attached for your review is a blacklined version
of the: (a) Schedule and (b) Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Master Agreement. These
have been compared against the draft dated 11/8/2000, and include ENA's accepted
changes per your (a) faxed comments transmitted to ENA on January 5, 2001, and
(b) e-mail comments transmitted to ENA on January 19th, 2001. We look forward to
your response. Cordially, Susan S. Bailey I don't know anything about these
transactions. Sara Shackleton Jorge A Garcia@ENRON 03/01/2001 01:35 PM Good
Afternoon Sara, I wanted to follow up with you regarding the creation and
approval of ISDA Confirmations for the following equity trades that I understand
Laurel had discussed with you previously. 1) Edison International- Swap with
Enron Europe Ltd. (2 in total) 2) PG&E- Swap with Enron Europe Ltd. (3 in total)
Please advise. Regards, Jorge "Calculation of Floating Amount: The Floating
Amount payable by [ENA] on a Payment Date will be calculated for that Payment
Date as follows: Floating Amount = (Notional Quantity per Calculation Period X
Floating Price) - USD[38,000?] Sara Shackleton "Other Provisions: On each
Payment Date, [ENA] shall pay [a fee of] [an amount equal to] USD{38,000?],
which amount shall be subject to the netting provisions of the [Master Agreement
- how do you refer to the agreement?]" Sara Shackleton Sara Shackleton
03/02/2001 02:10 PM "Calculation of Floating Amount: The Floating Amount payable
by [ENA] on a Payment Date will be calculated for that Payment Date as follows:
Floating Amount = (Notional Quantity per Calculation Period X Floating Price) -
USD[38,000?] Sara Shackleton What person(s) in London prepares credit for the
English and Singapore financial transactions? At some point in the not so
distant future, the Houson and London credit departments need to speak in order
that each understands the "philosophy" behind credit analysis for the omnibus
and master transactions. I look forward to hearing from you. Regards. Sara ps
Congrats on your promotion! I didn't have a chance to speak with you after the
offsite to shake your hand. Hope you enjoyed your weekend in Houston. looks fine
Sara Shackleton Carlos Alatorre@ENRON 02/27/2001 06:07 PM Sara: We need to
change the Prod Description fro the LME Product. The change is mainly on the
Settlement Date text, which instead of "...Two business days after the date of
the Transaction..." shall read as follow: For Curr LME LME (Spot) 01Mar01
JPY/USD A currency Transaction with Enron Europe Finance & Trading Limited
("EEFTL") as agent for Risk Management & Trading Corp. under which either (A)
for the case in which Counterparty submits an offer to buy from EEFTL,
Counterparty shall receive the Base Currency Amount and shall pay the Foreign
Currency Amount, or (B) for the case in which Counterparty submits an offer to
sell to EEFTL, Counterparty shall pay the Base Currency Amount and shall receive
the Foreign Currency Amount. The Base Currency Amount shall equal the volume
submitted by the Counterparty via the Website. The Foreign Currency Amount shall
equal the Base Currency Amount, multiplied by the daily London Metal Exchange
(LME) fixing rate as published by Reuters on page MTLE on the date of the
transaction, modified by the price submitted by the Counterparty via the
Website. The term of the Transaction shall correspond to the date(s) set forth
in the Product description on the Website. The Settlement date shall be the
date(s) set forth in the Product description on the Website. The price is quoted
in JPY (the 'Foreign Currency') per US Dollar (the 'Base Currency'). The unit of
measure against which the price is quoted shall be US Dollars. Please let me
know your approval before we make any changes. Thanks Carlos 

I need to have a form filled out that says I don't have health insurance
coverage through Enron. Can you find out who I need to send it to in HR? Thanks,
Kay Your mom just called and said your dad's surgery will be at 2:30 p.m.
Tuesday, March 20th. They will be there by noon on the 20th, and the surgery
will last 1.5 hours and then they'll watch him for 2 more hours before they put
him into ICU. They are hoping he'll only be in the hospital 48 hours. Scott Term
sheet for draft contract, as requested. I have a change in plans next week. My
dad is having surgery in Ft. Worth, so I will be heading that way on Monday. I
was planning to be on vacation anyway, but I may have some accessibility
challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise. I will manage
client expectations accordingly. Kay I hope you don't change your mind about
going to the wedding Sunday. I plan on taking Michael to the new Star Wars
exhibit at the Museum of Fine Arts. They showed some kids on TV, and they were
quite taken with it. ++++++CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE+++++ The information in this
email may be confidential and/or privileged. This email is intended to be
reviewed by only the individual or organization named above. If you are not the
intended recipient or an authorized representative of the intended recipient,
you are hereby notified that any review, dissemination or copying of this email
and its attachments, if any, or the information contained herein is prohibited.
If you have received this email in error, please immediately notify the sender
by return email and delete this email from your system. Thank You Kay Mann
03/15/2001 04:03 PM I have a change in plans next week. My dad is having surgery
in Ft. Worth, so I will be heading that way on Monday. I was planning to be on
vacation anyway, but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which
I would not have had otherwise. I will manage client expectations accordingly.
Kay I'm not planning to get involved since this is your deal. Is that ok with
you? Lorie Leigh @ ECT 03/15/2001 04:17 PM Conference Plus will be hosting this
call: the date: Thursday, March 22nd, 2001 the number: 1-800-991-9019 the
passcode: 6871082# the time: 10:00 AM - 11:00 AM CST the place: EB 3143C the
subject: Turbine 1 and Turbine 2 Purchase Agreement If you have any problems or
questions, please feel free to call me at 713-853-1696. Thank you, Lorie Leigh
Yes, but this time it is his carotid artery - the one that transports blood to
the brain. Big deal kinda stuff. I hope your dad's surgery goes well! Is this
related to the problems he is having getting around (circulatory?)? Kathleen Kay
Mann 03/15/2001 04:11 PM Kay Mann 03/15/2001 04:03 PM I have a change in plans
next week. My dad is having surgery in Ft. Worth, so I will be heading that way
on Monday. I was planning to be on vacation anyway, but I may have some
accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise. I
will manage client expectations accordingly. Kay For better or worse, all the
folks under the heading "Origination" and "Development" are ours, although
Kathleen has a special role with Development. Kay FYI - See rows 49-53; columns
E-J for our group. Kathleen Lorie Leigh @ ECT 03/15/2001 04:44 PM I received a
report from HR and it appears there is conflicting information regarding some of
the titles for various employees. Please verify that the titles are correct for
everyone in your group. The ones that I made changes to are in red. Thanks,
Paula. I formatted the file so that it would print on one legal size sheet.
Please use this new file as opposed to the one I sent earlier. Please review the
attached org chart for March and submit any changes by noon tomorrow. It is
imperative that all of the information on the attached file is accurate,
including titles, as this information is being given directly to John Lavorato
and Louise Kitchen. Thanks, Paula. Here's the version showing revisions. Kay--I
finally got it to blackline correctly. Here it is. Also attached is a sample
availability provision (actually 2 different versions). - redvepco.doc -
SAMPLE.DOC Lorie Leigh @ ECT 03/15/2001 04:17 PM Conference Plus will be hosting
this call: the date: Thursday, March 22nd, 2001 the number: 1-800-991-9019 the
passcode: 6871082# the time: 10:00 AM - 11:00 AM CST the place: EB 3143C the
subject: Turbine 1 and Turbine 2 Purchase Agreement If you have any problems or
questions, please feel free to call me at 713-853-1696. Thank you, Lorie Leigh
46093 Kay Mann 02/13/2001 04:13 PM Good afternoon, I'm forwarding a revised
development agreement term sheet, showing revisions from your original version.
We look forward to seeing you soon. Thanks, Kay Peggy Banczak is the ENA lawyer
who handles Mexico. John Schwartzenburg@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 03/16/2001 09:22 AM I
do not think the prior e-mail got through to Kay. Are either of you familiar
with this project? We have had no contact with the ENA/Enron Mexico commercial
or legal people and I don't want to bust any structuring goals. Our project
manager (Scott Laidlaw) and engineer (Harry Okabayashi) want to issue a tasking
letter to procure engineering services on this project to support the ENA work.
I now understand that someone at ENA/Enron Mexico/Enron Wholesale has signed an
EPC contract with ABB for this project. I am not in the office today, so please
include Renee Alfaro on your response. JWVS 

Hello Janice: I enjoyed your recent e-mail but was sorry to hear about your dad.
It sounds as though his health has deteriorated significantly. These are always
difficult times. As I watched my mother and father's health deteriorate and
ultimately watched them die, it is a very defining time in our lives. But we can
be very thankful to have such great parents and to have had the privilege to
have been raised in such loving homes. Sounds as though Eric has done very well
as SMSU. He is joining an excellent company. I am also delighted to hear that he
will continue his education working toward an MBA. As we are living in an age
where intellectual capital is so valuable, it is important for every young
person to obtain the very best possible education they can. As to our family,
within the last ten days our youngest daughter Elizabeth was married to a young
man from Buenos Aires, Argentina. They met while they were both working on a
project as lawyers in Buenos Aires. They're currently on their honeymoon but
shortly after returning will be moving from Buenos Aires to Miami, Florida. This
past Thursday night our sixth grandchild was born. It was born to our son David
and his wife Courtney. It was a 7 lb., 10 oz., 20 inch little boy. So we now
have three grandsons and three granddaughters ranging from about 2 years - 4
months down to a few days. They are a great deal of fun. We are doing quite
well. I am looking forward to seeing Ginger "Rees" Copeland when she comes to
Houston. I would be delighted to arrange tickets for you and your family should
you ever have occasion to visit Houston. I hope you have a great summer. Thank
you for your recent request for Mr. Lay to speak at your conference.
Unfortunately, do to Mr. Lay's schedule he will not be able to participate.
Thank you again, Tori L. Wells Executive Secretary Hi - Just to let you know
that it looks like one day will work. I want to check with Mr. Lay before
confirming. Thanks. Rosalee Dear Ken, As you know, our next meeting is on
Wednesday, July 12 from 3:00-5:30 p.m. In the next week or so, we'll be sending
around a discussion paper which we hope crystallizes the issues, and we will try
to talk to as many of you as possible before the meeting to go through it.
Meanwhile, Arthur Levitt has agreed to meet with us in September to brainstorm
on the ideas we've generated and also to give us a sense of some of the issues
as he sees them. There are three possible dates for the meeting, which I suggest
be in two parts -- first, a meeting among the panel only from 5:00-6:30 p.m.,
and then a dinner with Chairman Levitt from 6:30-8:30 p.m. Here are the dates:
Could you please let us know which of these would be possible for you:
___________ Thursday, September 14 5:00-8:30 pm ___________ Monday, September 25
5:00-8:30 pm ___________ Wednesday, September 27 5:00-8:30 pm Many thanks, Jeff
Garten Good morning, Kitty - Ken Lay would like to have the Armada M306 series -
"the first ultra portable notebook designed for the enterprise". Ken said to go
ahead and equip it with what you think it should have. Please let me know when
he can expect to receive it. Thanks, Kitty. Rosalee Here is the link to the
latest commercial laptops on the market, I will follow up with the consumer
models. The M300 series are the lightest and the E500's are the all in one but
much heavier. http://www.compaq.com/products/notebooks/index.html <<Compaq.com -
notebook.url>> - Compaq.com - notebook.url Unfortunately, Mr. Lay will be in San
Jose, CA participating in a conference, where he is a speaker, on June 14.
Rosalee Fleming RE:??? June 14 Reception Recently Charles Miller and David
Dewhurst sent you an invitation to a reception which they are hosting on Wed.
6/14 at 5:00 PM to be held at the Houston Petroleum Club. I hope that you will
be able to attend that event. Under the leadership of Governor Bush and others
we have made real progress in Education in Texas over the past decade.? Now it
is time to take the next steps and achieve even greater progress in our public
education system. The Texas Education Reform Caucus is made up of business
leaders, educators, and elected officials dedicated to finding common sense
approaches to improving education in Texas. I would appreciate the opportunity
to visit with you on the 14th. Kent Grusendorf State Representative District 94
? This is o.k. for Ken Lay, but we are changing to a more uniform address, so
would likely be better to use kenneth.lay@enron.com. This is a "test email send"
of the WPO Forum Group from Richard Everett. By return email, please verify that
you received this message and let us know if there is another email address that
you prefer us to use. Thank you. Joy Powell Executive Assistant to Richard
Everett 713/871-5119 =================================================== NOTE:
The information in this email is confidential and may be legally privileged. If
you are not the intended recipient, you must not read, use or disseminate the
information. Although this email and any attachments are believed to be free of
any virus or other defect that might affect any computer system into which it is
received and opened, it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that it
is virus free and no responsibility is accepted by Century Development or any of
its affiliates for any loss or damage arising in any way from its use.
==================================================== Kenneth Lay has approved
the attached expense report for Cindy Olson. Hi Mr. Katsof - I believe someone
called about this today, but Mr. Lay asked me to let you know that these dates
don't work for him, either. Sorry. Rosalee 

let me know if you have any interest in the Tco-Pool Leach swap for the winter.
I'll take TCO pool at Index and sale Leach or Pool at Index - $.04. I can't
remember if you guys could do it or not. Could you tell me what deal tickets you
are seeing? Please check Tenn contract 36647 on the Demand speadsheet. Sitara
isn't matching the spreadsheet. Thanks, Brenda Pasquallie, -5 for spelling, W.
Don Germany, Jr PO Box 27 Cedar Lane, Texas 77415-0027 Actually it is not a new
truck. Had 33,000 miles, Ram 2500 3/4 ton, 4 x 4, 360 Magnum Motor. Infinity
stereo, bucket seats, nerf bars, tool box, bed liner, camper tow package, 5
speed manual. Oh, it is dueled out through one catalytic converter with Flow
Masters to accent the sound. Makes me want to race!!! I believe the fuel
consumption will be tolerable as well. Now, Debbie wants it. I gave $16,900 +
tax. It is very clean and is Sandalwood, Driftwood or something of that nature
in color. Almost silver. I have to pick up old gray over at Jerry's. Debbie
said, it is going to be hard on me to sale my old dodge truck. I said Yep, had
that truck longer than I have had most of my women. I really need to engage
brain before articulating! I am doing dirt work and hope to plant ST Augustine
Grass by Friday before rain. One thing is for sure, the economy is not faltering
on my account. Dow Stock is back up over $33. Hooray, hoorah! Needs to go to $41
and then I will be happy. I spoke with Gerald and he said there are a bunch of
folks hanging around Dad's place. We need to change the lock and place posted
signs at the gate. I may want to put some steers or heifers up there. I am going
up soon and having the tractor fixed. Reggie said he will pay us soon. He also
still wants the tractor if we can hold on to it. First come, first serve. When
is the wedding? We're set for 11/01/01. Be sure to take your sweety out on the
balcony tonight and gaze at the full moon. It was sure beautiful coming up last
night. We used to go out and lay in the pasture on a blanket and watch for the
space shuttle. I had a couple of hickies on my neck the day after and the guys
all wanted to know if those were shuttle burns. Just jealous. My kid is making
wonderful grades and has reassured me she will graduate within the four year
period. She still has some sort of scholarship but I am not for sure how much it
pays. She is going to be a kinesiologist, sports injury therapist. I think she
just wants to be able to touch football players legs. She will be 20 on 11/03. I
am really proud of her. Cindy said Jaime has grown up very much. You should e
mail her sometimes. I am sure she would like to hear from you. Jgerma5@aol.com.
At any rate, be careful and be safe. You should have listened to Maw, as long as
you keep your mouth shut and your pants zipped, you will be alright. Shucks,
guess none of us three paid much attention to that. Oh, Jeff Sherrar has a new
book out. Rise to Rebellion. There were some pretty cool dudes back around
1774/76. There will be two volumes to this saga. I am half way through the first
and you can borrow it when I am through. I sure like his style of writing. His
books are always hard to put down. After the split Dow Stock there are 120
shares. Keep Your Powder Dry! Yo, Bro Dow W. Don Germany, Jr. 2301 N Brazosport
Blvd B 3611, Investment Recovery Freeport, Texas 77541 Pager 1 800 451 0491
(0448) Office 979 238 2102 Home 979 548 7034 What's happening? I understand you
have a brand new truck. Must be nice having money!! I need 2 things from you. 1.
I found the title to the 4 wheeler and I was going to change it over to you
name. What do you think? If that's ok, how do you want your name to show up on
the title and what address should I use? 2. I'm getting ready to divy up the Dow
stock. How many of Dad's shares do you have? Last thing, send me a million
dollars, I'm tired of working. I thought we only had cashout, at most 3 times,
before this June. I can't remember. I do know that most of the time this plant
was not buring like it did in July and August of this year. I say we just keep
the dough and go to Mexico. Hey guys, Would you please ck the Oglethorpe deal
from July 2000 - Dec 2000? Is there supposed to be a cashout booked in Sitara
for these months? Oglethorpe over paid their invoice every month. I believe that
Doug told me the extra was for the cashout that was not invoiced. Thanks Darla I
can't get through on the phones. Please call me 713-853-4743 Hey Ernie. I'm
checking my emails. I assume you have your anwser and don't need me. Hi Chris, I
sent this to Mary last week. She may be out because in the past she always
responds pretty quick. I need the prices below. Can you help out? Thanks, Ernie
Simien 08/01/2001 09:14 AM Sent by: Ernie Simien Hi Mary, I need your help
again. I need prices for May, June, and July. Thanks, Mary.Ellenberger@enron.com
on 05/03/2001 04:06:52 PM Please respond to Mary.Ellenberger@enron.com cc:
Subject: Re: IF TGPL LA Z1 Jan 9.95 Feb 6.25 Mar 4.98 April 5.37
esimien@nisource.com on 05/03/2001 01:32:35 PM Hi Mary, Please do me a favour
and give me the subject price for Jan, Feb, Mar and Apr 2001. Thanks, 

Gregg Penman 10/23/2000 12:12 PM Kay - Can you please review this additional
language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to Jeff Hodge)? In light
of the CA regarding curves, I am slightly concerned with a blanket statement
essentially giving Peoples unlimited access to information. I know that we
address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this
is a right they already have. Let me know what you think. Thanks, Gregg
m.nordstrom@pecorp.com 10/20/2000 11:32 AM Attached please find the latest
enovate risk policy. Our attorneys and internal audit area have made one
language revision concerning Section XIII Audit Rights. Mary <<MEH-risk Oct 20>>
- MEH-risk Oct 20.doc I'm still at home. I'll be in tomorrow. I have a fax
machine at home, though, if you prefer. Otherwise, we can see who we can scare
up at the office, or you can have Laura sign and I'll initial later. Which do
you prefer? Kay Are you in the office to initial signature pages today? If not,
is there someone else that will? I know that Jeff is in Portland. Gregg Kay Mann
10/26/2000 11:07 AM If Jeff is happy, I'm happy. Kay Hello - I spoke with Jeff
Hodge yesterday regarding the additional language from Peoples regarding Audit
Rights. His initial reaction was that their request was probably reasonable and
in line with the spirit of a jointly owned L.L.C. However, he did suggest a
couple slight revisions to protect Enron's interests. 1) Highlighting that
information will only be provided that is related to enovate and 2) that each
designated representative should sign an appropriate confidentiality agreement.
This language has been included in the attached draft. My goal, however
optimistic, is to execute the risk policy by the end of today. Activity is
picking up dramatically and the fine line is getting further blurred each
passing day. Therefore, I need to know ASAP if there are any problems with the
draft as written. Otherwise, I will be sending it to Peoples as our final
revision by mid morning. Thanks for your prompt attention to this. Thanks, Gregg
Gregg Penman 10/23/2000 12:12 PM Kay - Can you please review this additional
language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to Jeff Hodge)? In light
of the CA regarding curves, I am slightly concerned with a blanket statement
essentially giving Peoples unlimited access to information. I know that we
address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this
is a right they already have. Let me know what you think. Thanks, Gregg
m.nordstrom@pecorp.com 10/20/2000 11:32 AM Attached please find the latest
enovate risk policy. Our attorneys and internal audit area have made one
language revision concerning Section XIII Audit Rights. Mary <<MEH-risk Oct 20>>
- MEH-risk Oct 20.doc It is less complicated for me to initial and fax than to
track down someone who doesn't know anything about it and get them to initial
it. I can print it here, initial it, and fax it to whomever you want. Plus, I
work with Janet a lot so she may get some comfort from that, instead of having a
lawyer she hasn't dealt with initial it. She is very conscientious about what
she signs, and who initials what. Is the attached form the final final form?
Where and to whom do you want it faxed? Thanks, Kay Since it will be Janet
signing, it will probably be better to have the initials on the pages first.
Either fax or someone else works fine. Let me know which is easier and we can
coordinate. Gregg Kay Mann 10/26/2000 11:26 AM I'm still at home. I'll be in
tomorrow. I have a fax machine at home, though, if you prefer. Otherwise, we can
see who we can scare up at the office, or you can have Laura sign and I'll
initial later. Which do you prefer? Kay Are you in the office to initial
signature pages today? If not, is there someone else that will? I know that Jeff
is in Portland. Gregg Kay Mann 10/26/2000 11:07 AM If Jeff is happy, I'm happy.
Kay Hello - I spoke with Jeff Hodge yesterday regarding the additional language
from Peoples regarding Audit Rights. His initial reaction was that their request
was probably reasonable and in line with the spirit of a jointly owned L.L.C.
However, he did suggest a couple slight revisions to protect Enron's interests.
1) Highlighting that information will only be provided that is related to
enovate and 2) that each designated representative should sign an appropriate
confidentiality agreement. This language has been included in the attached
draft. My goal, however optimistic, is to execute the risk policy by the end of
today. Activity is picking up dramatically and the fine line is getting further
blurred each passing day. Therefore, I need to know ASAP if there are any
problems with the draft as written. Otherwise, I will be sending it to Peoples
as our final revision by mid morning. Thanks for your prompt attention to this.
Thanks, Gregg Gregg Penman 10/23/2000 12:12 PM Kay - Can you please review this
additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to Jeff Hodge)?
In light of the CA regarding curves, I am slightly concerned with a blanket
statement essentially giving Peoples unlimited access to information. I know
that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway
if this is a right they already have. Let me know what you think. Thanks, Gregg
m.nordstrom@pecorp.com 10/20/2000 11:32 AM Attached please find the latest
enovate risk policy. Our attorneys and internal audit area have made one
language revision concerning Section XIII Audit Rights. Mary <<MEH-risk Oct 20>>
- MEH-risk Oct 20.doc I'm working on it now. Maybe we (Enron) could review it
tomorrow morning, then send it to FCE. I can meet around 10:00. That way, we can
get it to them in time for weekend review. Does that work? Kay 

It was good to hear from you! We had a nice Thanksgiving here too. It's funny,
because usually it's just me, Mom, Craig and Danelia, and Danelia doesn't really
like roasted turkey or roast beef (not that she would say it to me!), so there
is not just the same joy in cooking it would be elsewise. It was good having the
girls down. We played a new version of Uno called "African Uno" that was
complex, fast and at times, physically challenging. It's not for the meek. It
was incredible what a good player Alena was. She had her cards memorized as well
as everyone elses (when you play you'll see why you can know everyone elses
hands!). I expect Craig didn't want Mom to see his place because it was messy. I
think compared to my house, he's embarrased about his apartment. Then, also,
he's got so much stuff in there right now, that I don't know how he's going to
fit baby stuff. They would only give him a 6 month lease when he renewed his
lease last month because they don't want 3 people in that small apartment. So
he's going to have to start looking for another place. And his apartment is so
run down down I'm afraid roaches might be crawling over the baby. I guess Mom is
going to come back down sometime in March or April to see the new baby. You'll
have to come visit to check out my new house. The upstairs "guest suite" is
pretty neat. It's got its own bathroom and tv, and is pretty cozy. As far as the
call with Uncle Ben goes, if he was thrilled to hear from me I couldn't tell by
his voice. It was a pretty stilted conversation for both of us. But, I guess,
it's a start... I've already made my XMAS plans. I leave the evening of the
21st, my flight comes in about 10 pm, and leave the morning of the 27th at 6 am.
It's good chatting with you. Keep in touch! Kyle.Jones@radianz.com 11/29/2000
05:07 PM Tana, I don't understand, what do you mean by "log in an email"?
Anyway, I got you message, and I got the World Series thing (although I had
already received Chris and Ben did a marvelous job for Thanksgiving, I can
testify that it was one of the best Thanksgiv8ing Dinners I've ever had (I not
gonna tell them that, I don't want them getting swell heads). Ma said she had a
great time in Houston, She was happy to see yourself, as well as C & D. I think
she likes her special room in your house. Your gonna be the first to see the new
baby (woudn't it be wierd if the baby gets botn on Jan 5th?) Why didn't Craig
show Ma his appartment? What do you think about your phone ocnversation with
Unlce Ben (he was almost shocked)? Are you coming for Xmas? Gotta go for now.
Love ya. Kyle ==================================================== (Harrison)
Kyle Jones Technical Solutions Engineer
==================================================== Radianz 1251 Avenue of the
Americas 7th Floor New York, NY 10016 USA Phone: +1 (212) 899-4425 Fax: +1 (212)
899-4310 Cell: +1 (917) 859-7187 Email: kyle.jones@radianz.com
==================================================== See our web page at"
http://www.radianz.com ====================================================
|--------+-----------------------> | | Tana.Jones@en| | | ron.com | | | | | |
11/29/2000 | | | 04:34 PM | | | | |--------+----------------------->
>----------------------------------------------------------------------------| |
| >----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
Hey, Mr. Computer, you can't log an email in to your sister?! Kyle.Jones@ra
Return Receipt Your World Series in Question document: was received Kyle
Jones/US/AMERICAS/Equant by: at: 01:00:51 PM Today You can take my assistant
Taffy Milligan off these emails again. Thanks! Adnan Patel@ENRON 11/29/2000
04:49 PM Attached are the GCP Signoffs on EOL Approvals for 11/29/00 with GCP
responses marked in Red. Adnan Patel Bradley Diebner@ECT 11/29/2000 04:31 PM
Regards, bd Attached is the referenced agreement. Let me know if the notice
information is OK with you. If so, I'll get it signed by Craig Breslau today,
then bring it to you for countersignature. Thinking about that, what's your
title? I'm not sure you have the authority to sign documents w/o special
authority... No, it does not mean that. Adding all the Enron "Specified
Entities" would only make a default under a financial transaction with those
other Enron entities a default under this agreement. Our concern is that we
don't want any trading related defaults to ever trigger a default under a loan
transaction which has a swap as a component. Richard Sage 11/30/2000 10:52 AM If
you do add all the entities, does that mean that we would not need to put in
place a separate agreement for ECCL? With respect to Deutsche Bank (""DB"), we
have one credit issue remaining, DB would like us to add all the Enron trading
entities DB trades with as Specified Entities under the ISDA Master Agreement
and we are somewhat hesitant to do so, as this could potentially roll up swaps
under structured loan transactions into a default under the ISDA Agreement. Sara
and Bill Bradford in Credit are supposed to talk to the DB Credit people about
this remaining issue. With respect to First Union National Bank, the draft we
were working from was so old that they agreed to look at our current form of
agreement which was sent to them on 11/8/00 for review. Sara is working on that
with Susan Bailey, another paralegal in our Group. Denis O'Connell 11/22/2000
06:05 AM Tana - can you please give me an update on where you are in the
negotiations of the ISDA with the following counterparties and confirm which
Enron entity you are negotiating on behalf of. Tks, Denis First Union National
Bank Deutsched Bank AG I spoke to Mark Taylor about your signing authority, and
he agrees that you do not have the authority to execute documents on your own,
but as long as you are only co-signing documents signed by an authorized officer
as a control measure we're OK. 

Susan, Joe, The referenced TAGG # was entered as a 'New Counterparty', can you
please let me know what counterparty this is so we can correctly assess the
counterparty exposure. Thank you, Russell Hey there yourself, Sorry I haven't
written you guys in a while to keep you properly updated. I am indeed checking
on flights to Seoul and don't think I'm going to go at exactly the same time as
my parents. As much fun as they are, I figured we would probably do some
different things than what you have planned for them. As for Ted, things are
still going well although I haven't see him at all this week (we are two very
busy people). But, we had a great laid back day last Saturday and I think have
hit that comfortable stage...you know, not quite so formal about dates etc. In
one sense it's great, but it also makes things a lot harder to read. Anyway, I'm
sure my Mom told you guys but Travis and Kathy got to meet him and I think it
went well. Hopefully, if we're still dating come December, you and Chuck can
meet him when you come back to visit. I'm planning on dragging him to at least
one of the U.T. games, I just have to find out when he wants to go (as well as
properly prepare him for the Scott/Kelley/Parks/Wild Card gang and the full-day
affair that is a U.T. game). Things in Houston are good and definitely warm. I
went with Emily and her Mom last night to see the musical "Rent" and it was
wonderful. Also, I'm going out to San Diego for the Labor Day weekend to visit
Hoot's daughter Julie. Needless to say I am very excited. Talk to you guys soon,
Susan Hey girlie, How are you doing? Haven't heard from you in a while. A little
birdie told me that you were checking into tickets for Seoul. Are you really?
Would you come with your parents or separately? In any case, we have had some
more time to do some exploring (and shopping), so we have some good ideas about
what to do if you come. I think that we will stay in Korea when your parents
come and do the whole base thing (which will take only a few minutes, actually),
but are considering going to China or somewhere during part of Thanksgiving.
We'll do whatever you want want if you still are coming! Let us know the latest
with Ted and also with what's going on in Houston. Take care, Chris
__________________________________________________ Do You Yahoo!? Send instant
messages & get email alerts with Yahoo! Messenger. http://im.yahoo.com/ Hey
Tonto (a.k.a - the trusty, but silent, side-kick to the Lone Ranger or in this
case the Big D) The play was very good and I think well received. I'd forgotten
how blown away I was by some of the songs the first time I saw it in NY. The
cast members really have to have incredibly powerful voices to pull off a few of
the most poignant numbers ( I think this could be your true calling). I caught
the third day of Corey's Jeopardy run last night here at the office (yes, I had
to come back after the play...I love my job!). Anyway, I'm sure I'd mentioned it
before but yes she is a very smart girl. As a result of that, she has managed on
several occasions over the years to detract from my enjoyment of playing Trivial
Pursuit or watching Jeopardy by absolutely obliterating me (The girl actually
did her senior thesis on Trivia). Kori told me she saw you last night at Steak
Night and introduced herself since I failed to do so the last time we went. I
should let you know though that she was very offended this morning that you
didn't spell her name right in the email - I mean it's such a common spelling.
So was Darren there last night to meet her or do you just think they'd make a
good match? She's a very fun girl. Hope you day is going well and that the move
to 30 went off without a hitch. Good luck with all of the "fun" meetings. Shorty
-- Due to the lack of response yesterday, I'm beginning to worry about your
success with the road test...I'm going to assume that you didn't get around to
it. Ted Noble 08/17/2000 10:05 AM How was the play? I forgot to tell you that I
saw your friend on a re-run Jeopardy the other night and I almost called you but
it came on at 11:30. Smart girl. I ran into Corey last night at LWs and I am
thinking this is a girl for Darren. Anyway, lots of fun meetings today. I'll
talk to you later. Maybe you should ignore the sentiment of the quote I sent
earlier...I think you may be adhering to it too faithfully. At this rate we may
have to start pinning notes to your shirt to remind you to do things. However,
having driven with you on several occasions I feel confident you will be able to
pass the test with flying colors. Keep in mind though that if you end up failing
I will not let you forget it (and, as we have established, I have the memory of
an elephant). I'll keep discussion of me to a minimum and just say that things
are well on 32. Now back to what's really important...you. Thought you'd like to
know that the Dixie Chicks are coming back to Houston Dec. 12 and will
performing just down the street from you at the Compaq Center...it's all about
you and your needs. Ted Noble 08/16/2000 10:56 AM AAAAAGGGHHHHHH...I just found
out that I need to take the TX drivers exam both written and on the rode. This
is a two day process and all because I let my CA license expire. I know I need
some of your organizational skills. I may try to run out and take the test this
afternoon while I get moved to 30 (I better not fail it). How's life on 32 today
-- well that's enough about you let's talk more about me. There is no pleasure
in having nothing to do; the fun is in having lots to do and not doing it. -Mary
Little 

Bob Bowen 07/14/2000 03:58 PM Note that the No "Out" version requires us to pay
the premium on Tuesday! GILBERGD@sullcrom.com 07/14/2000 02:18 PM As we
discussed, the following is revised disclosure regarding direct access to deal
with the cost issue: EnronOnline will assist users, upon request, in arranging
for the connection of "T1" lines or other means of direct access to EnronOnline,
as an alternative to internet access. Direct access connections might enable
users to access EnronOnline more quickly than is currently possible through
internet access. Please call if you want to discuss. Have a good weekend. This
e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and
confidential. If you are not the intended recipient, please delete the e-mail
and notify us immediately. The least we can do is pass this news along. Is there
anyone else we should tell? Ted Bockius <Ted.Bockius@ivita.com> 07/17/2000 02:21
PM fyi... it sound like Bobby is in serious condition. Thanks, Sharon I think
they'll send us another update once he's out of emergency and into a room.? Then
it's real easy to call Ben Taub to find out a room number.? The address is
below.? It doesn't sound like he can receive visitors yet. A. Thanks for the
heads up.? Do you know the address to send cards?? Do you know if Bobby can see
visitors?? Some of the folks here would like to know. Thanks, Sharon Thought you
might like to know. Amy Cornell Compaq CPCG Marketing P: 281-518-9526 F:
281-518-1081 amy.cornell@compaq.com < mailto:amy.cornell@compaq.com
<mailto:amy.cornell@compaq.com> > Jann, phoned this morning and asked me to pass
this information to the group, concerning Bobby Riggins. Bobby is a member of a
bicycle team, while cycling this weekend, he and other members of his team were
injured by a truck.? There was one death in the injured group and the others
with major injuries.? Bobby is one of those with major injuries.? He is
currently in the emergency room at Ben Taub Hospital.? Ben Taub hospital is
located at 1504 Taub Loop, Houston, Texas, phone number: 713-793-2000.? He
cannot accept calls, visits or flowers at this time, since he is in the
emergency room.? An update will be e-mailed, as soon as one is available. Keep
Bobby, his team members and their families in your prayers. Rosario Gonzales
Administrative Assistant ESSG CCA-15, 150301, 153B09 281-514-3183
rosario.gonzales@compaq.com < mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com
<mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com> > I think it's a good idea since the
provisional application is on file - Travis is the internal lawyer who has taken
care of the patent application so he will have better ideas for where the words
should be placed and appropriate look and feel (I would guess near the copyright
notice and roughly equivalent size). David Forster@ENRON 07/17/2000 06:15 PM
Mark, We are thinking of adding a Patent Pending message to key EnronOnline
pages (like the homepage). Can you offer comments/concerns/guidelines? Dave Does
it make sense for us to set up a meeting with you participating from Buenos
Aires? I'm not sure we have much to tell them at this stage - actually, I'm sure
I don't have anything new to report but if you do that would be fine with me.
Patrick Hansen@ENRON 07/17/2000 04:28 PM Michael and myself are planing to be in
Hoston on Thursday and Friday of this week. We intend to see as many people as
possible regarding EOL implementation. We will meet Dave Forster and his team
among others. We would like to fit a meeting with you as a group or
individually. Please let me know about your availability and if it is possible
to meet with more than one of you in one place. Thank you FYI David
Forster@ENRON 07/17/2000 02:34 PM Further background: Argentina intend to press
ahead even given the concern about taxes, etc. They wish to launch on Sept. 1 -
meaning we will need to be sending mailings sometime around mid-August. Dave
Leonardo Pacheco 07/17/2000 08:50 AM Mark, Just wanted to know were we stand on
the ETA and PA for Argentina? Thanks for your help! Leonardo Pacheco ext. 39938
If you need more, there is a proposal from the documentation committee for a new
alternative for calculating termination amounts (we heard about it in Amsterdam)
that I think will be particularly attractive to the energy markets. I don't know
where this stands officially (I haven't heard any developments since Amsterdam)
but I can find out from Bob Pickle if you want. Mark E Haedicke 07/18/2000 08:58
AM We should include ISDA energy definitions, CFTC matters re energy and an
overview of power deregulation developments in North America. I might also add a
few items about international developments and the EEI physical power trading
form. I am thinking 4 slides at the most. Is that what you want? Mark Current
Plan: Days away: Sept. 21 through Oct. 3 (assuming you work on the day we leave
and go back to work the day after we return) 9 work days Wed. Sept. 20 - Leave
Houston around 6:00 pm Thur. Sept. 21 - Arrv. London early a.m., transfer to
flight to Nice - Arrv. Nice around noon? rent car & drive to first hotel (less
than 1 hour away); collapse Fri. Sept. 22 - Stay in same hotel, visit Monaco,
Nice? Sat. Sept. 23 - Drive to St. Tropez - through Nice , Cannes & other
coastal towns, check-in mid afternoon Sun. Sept. 24 - St. Tropez Mon. Sept. 25 -
St. Tropez Tue. Sept. 26 - Drive to Nice, return car, fly to Paris Wed. Sept. 27
- Paris Thur. Sept. 28 - Paris (Versailles or Fontainbleu - half day side trip)
Fri. Sept. 29 - Paris (Giverny - Monet's gardens - 3/4 day side trip) Sat. Sept.
30 - Paris Sun. Oct. 1 - Paris to London in afternoon - probably by Eurostar
train - (arrv. London late afternoon) Mon. Oct. 2 - London (meetings for CLH)
Tues. Oct. 3 - Fly London to Houston (lv. around noon, arrv. around 4:30pm) To
make matters even more confusing, there are two Mark Taylors. I believe the
message you forwarded to me belongs to the Mark Taylor at EI (based in London).
Unfortunately, I can't forward your message to him directly (there seems to be a
problem with the attachment). If you still have it, can you send it to him at
"Mark EI.London Taylor"? I will take care of it. Thanks for the reminder. 

Ladies, Enclosed is a worksheet for Ineos Acrylics. Ineos is an English company
which has a majority of its operations in the US. Note that the credit
thresholds are in US$, but the MACS are designated in British Pounds. Please
send the draft to Troy Black and he will forward to the CP. Please deliver a
copy to me as well. Have a great weekend. Max << File: Ineos.xls >> Robbi: I
left you a voice mail on Friday. I looked at the UEComm Master and had some
comments--such as our name is wrong, the cross default threshold for us should
be US $ and not AUD, and there were a few other questions I had. Marie Hi,
Attached are Uecomm's final comments to the Master Agreement. John Suttle has
OK'd Anthony's latest request w/r.t. the CSA. Could you please send an
executable version of the contract to Fred, David, John and me tomorrow? If
they're OK with it, we'd like to execute it as soon as possible unless there are
any objections. Thanks Pat Pat, Please find attached the Enron Master Agreement.
I have inserted the company details of Uecomm as requested. I have also amended
the timeframes in the Credit Support Annex to 10 days instead of 2 days.
(Clauses 2 & 3). I have tracked all changes for ease of reference. If these
amendmnets are agreeable to you can you please print and arrange for execution.
If you have any questions please do not hesitate to give me a call. Regards,
Anthony Sill Legal Counsel Uecomm Limited 126 Trenerry Crescent Abbotsford, VIC
3067. Ph. (03) 9221 4101 Fax.(03) 9221 4193 Mob. 0417 575 920 <<Enron - UC
Master Agreement - 0308.doc>> Turn up your sound a bit. Reminder: Conference
Call with ConEd at 1:00 today in Sara's office - EB3801A. Nick: Attached for
your further handling is the draft form Deemed ISDA between ENA and Ispat
Mexicana S.A. de C.V. Please note that the economic provisions have been
omitted. Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else.
Marie x33907 Tana: Here's info on the Elliotts. Marie CONGRATULATIONS!!!!!!!
We've been asking everyday if anyone had heard if the "Babies Elliott" had
arrived. Glad to hear that they are all healthy and were a good size, and that
Mom is doing well. Look forward to seeing pictures of the little ones. I know
you all are going to have so much fun with them. Hope you've been storing up
sleep, cause it looks like you won't be getting much for a while. Again,
congratulations. These three little ones don't realize how lucky they are to
have such a nice Dad, but I'm sure they'll find out soon. Take care Marie Ladies
and gentlemen, This is just to let you know that Emma gave birth at week 34 on
Friday, 6th July, to our triplets: Benjamin James - at 12.45 pm - 3 lbs 4 ozs
Toby William - 12.46 pm - 4 lbs Hannah May - 12.48 pm - 3 lbs 15 ozs. Although
small, they are all "fully functioning" and very well - they are in the lowest
level of special care (and they will probably be in there for another two to
four weeks) until they can feed properly and maintain their weights. Emma is
fine, too - very well!! All the best and kind regards Mark OOPS! Attached are
the fax cover pages for each of the Nylon and Polykron Deemed ISDAs I just sent
you. Marie Rebecca: I am attaching a clean and blacklined version of the
proposed resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage accounts. I have
attempted to revise them to make them clearer. Perhaps Jim Armogida can assist
in revising them as I am sure he is more familiar with the way Enron Corp. likes
their resolutions drafted than we are. Let me know if you have any questions or
need anything else. Marie x33907 Turn up your sound a bit. Hi, Liz: Thanks!
Marie Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Ms. Marquez: I am following up
regarding the status of our comments to the form of guaranty for Pemex that you
provided to Lucy Ortiz. Please do not hesitate to contact either Francisco
Pinto-Leite or me with any questions or comments. We look forward to hearing
your comments. Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist Ms. Marquez: Attached are an
original and blacklined copy of your form of guaranty, which reflect our
comments. Please do not hesitate to contact either Francisco Pinto-Leite, Senior
Counsel (713/345-7942; francisco.pinto.leite@enron.com) or me with any questions
or comments. Thank you for your assistance. Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist
Tanya: I received this draft from Niagara Mohawk Marketing, Inc. for our review.
Will you pass along to the appropriate person? Thanks! Marie Marie - per our
conversation yesterday afternoon, attached are proposed drafts of the Schedule
and the Para. 13 relative to the above. Having spoken with Dennis Goldmann, I am
advised that there are currently 2 Guaranties in place in the sum of $8M each:
one by Niagara Mohawk Holdings Inc f/b/o Enron, and one by Enron Inc. f/b/o
Niagara Mohawk Energy Marketing. I am told that our respective credit
departments want to raise the credit lines to $10M for each party, but to effect
that we will have to modify the existing Guaranties accordingly. Let me know if
this is your understanding, as well. After you have had the chance to review the
attached, please send me a marked-up draft and we can discuss our concerns from
there. Should you have any questions, feel free to call me. I can be reached at
315-460-3344. Any credit concerns can be discussed with Dennis Goldmann, who can
be reached at 315-460-3349. I look forward to hearing from you. Patty Snyder
(See attached file: ENRON - SCHEDULE(nmemdrft8-7-01).doc)(See attached file:
ENRON - Para13(nmemdrft8-7-01).doc) - ENRON - SCHEDULE(nmemdrft8-7-01).doc -
ENRON - Para13(nmemdrft8-7-01).doc Hi Marie Did you get a chance to find those
GTC's for ENA that you can forward this way? Thanks, I know you are busy. Tracy
Jeff: Attached are the draft Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement, together
with Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex. I am putting the credit
worksheet on the fax machine to you as soon as I send this message. Let me know
if you have any questions or need anything else. Marie x33907 

Hi everyone, I just got of the phone with Hai and he told me how to make an
adjustment on a day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidations but he
also explained this is just to make the daily P&L #'s right, if nothing were
done the month end P&L would still somehow work out because adjustments would be
made. Does this mean that for June and for a certain portion of July we should
not do anything and just make adjustments on a going forward basis (and assume
everything will work out at month end)? If this is the case I would like someone
to walk me through June to see if the numbers did really work themselves out as
there was a large swing in second order on June 29 that was not adjusted for.
Let me know if one of you could help me do this. Karim. Evidently, this a
problem that Stacey White has been aware of for a couple of months now. There
was a change made in the coding for the delta position and this has somehow
messed up the liq value. John John, Karim, I'm now looking closely at the option
liquidation problems. I believe that there might be a sign-flipping problem for
PUTS that 's causing this whole issue. I'll keep you posted. Karim - this's
likely the explanation to your other question... I'll get back to you as soon as
I have more info (hopefully later today) Marcelo L. Meira Sr IT Developer Enron
Networks - Houston, TX (713) 345-3436 The post id I am looking at for Calgary is
11608. I am looking at the option liquidation report and all of the $65 puts are
in the money and the $75 call is also in the money. Shouldn't all the
liquidation values from the beginning of the month be a negative (representing
positive liquidation) for the puts? The liq value for the call is CORRECT. John
Karim, I don't want to wait till month end, let's adjust the numbers now and for
the June 29 2nd order, lets take that value into June since it relates to July
puts. Hi everyone, I just got of the phone with Hai and he told me how to make
an adjustment on a day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidations but he
also explained this is just to make the daily P&L #'s right, if nothing were
done the month end P&L would still somehow work out because adjustments would be
made. Does this mean that for June and for a certain portion of July we should
not do anything and just make adjustments on a going forward basis (and assume
everything will work out at month end)? If this is the case I would like someone
to walk me through June to see if the numbers did really work themselves out as
there was a large swing in second order on June 29 that was not adjusted for.
Let me know if one of you could help me do this. Karim. Evidently, this a
problem that Stacey White has been aware of for a couple of months now. There
was a change made in the coding for the delta position and this has somehow
messed up the liq value. John John, Karim, I'm now looking closely at the option
liquidation problems. I believe that there might be a sign-flipping problem for
PUTS that 's causing this whole issue. I'll keep you posted. Karim - this's
likely the explanation to your other question... I'll get back to you as soon as
I have more info (hopefully later today) Marcelo L. Meira Sr IT Developer Enron
Networks - Houston, TX (713) 345-3436 The post id I am looking at for Calgary is
11608. I am looking at the option liquidation report and all of the $65 puts are
in the money and the $75 call is also in the money. Shouldn't all the
liquidation values from the beginning of the month be a negative (representing
positive liquidation) for the puts? The liq value for the call is CORRECT. John
unable to attend at that time due to a prior appointment, I can meet with you
individually later some time OK, now that I've got your attention - I really am
offering free lunch! I would like to informally get together with you on
Wednesday, July 18 at 11:45 am - 1:00 pm (max) to talk about your recruiting
experience with Enron Canada. We're gearing up for our 2001/02 recruiting
campaign and we think your experience will help us define what works best and
what can be improved in our process. For those of you in Toronto, I apologize
for not being able to schedule this over your lunch time! However, if you can
wait til 2:00pm to eat, go ahead and grab something and expense it! We'll hook
you guys in by videoconference. I've booked Videoconference Room # 1. Please let
me know whether or not you can attend so I can order enough food. Thanks!!
should be ok Kindly confirm your availability to attend an Analyst and Associate
Recruiting Meeting scheduled for Thursday, July 26th at 2:00 p.m. (4:00 p.m.
Toronto time). This meeting should not take more than one hour. The Toronto
office will be video conferenced in. Regards, Nella Lets try before Fri, as I am
planning to take that day off Attached is the revised draft paper that reflects
our conference call with Bob Fagan earlier this week. I propose we have a
conference call with Bob Fagan on Fri July 20 at 1:00 pm Calgary time to discuss
any areas of concern/confusion you may have. Also, would those of you who have
not responded to me via email confirming your acceptance of the terms upon which
our four companies have agreed to assume cost responsibility for the TCA work on
this. Attached is the letter I originally sent to you on May 10 in this regard.
<< File: Tabors Conflict Letter Alberta Export 050901.doc >> Regards, Rob Rob,
This draft reflects the changes we discussed during our call the other day. I've
also included a redlined draft showing changes. Regards, Bob <<Alberta
Transmission Access and Pricing Analysis_0712 .doc>> <<Alberta Transmission
Access and Pricing Analysis_0712 redlined .doc>> - Alberta Transmission Access
and Pricing Analysis_0712 .doc << File: Alberta Transmission Access and Pricing
Analysis_0712 .doc >> - Alberta Transmission Access and Pricing Analysis_0712
redlined .doc << File: Alberta Transmission Access and Pricing Analysis_0712
redlined .doc >> NO Hi John, With reference to Article 5, section 5.1 (b), are
we going to propose an alternative planned outage to TAU for next year? Thanks,
Mike 

"Katie Kaplan" <kaplan@iepa.com> 10/27/2000 06:20 PM Please respond to kaplan
Greetings: IEP will be hosting a dinner for California Governor Gray Davis on
Thursday, December 7, 2000 at the historic Julia Morgan House in Sacramento. We
will be targeting to raise at least $100,000 so company contributions will range
from $10,000-$20,000 per person ($10k minimum per person) depending on the
number of respondents. We have already received firm commitments from 3
companies. If you are interested in attending please e-mail me as soon as
possible. A formal invitation will follow to those who respond. We need
responses or direction by no later than COB on Monday, October 30, 2000. Please
contact me with any questions. Thank you, Katie Kaplan Manager of Policy IEP
(916) 448-9499 Congratulations. Everyone is extremely pleased that you're
joining. Best of luck and very much looking forward to working together. Best,
Jeff I'll believe it when I see it. Seems like a good idea to keep the heat on
Hoecker & Co.right up until Nov. 1. Thanks. I'm glad they want to follow-up with
Steve (I've been pushing it) and I've got some follow-up as well based on chats
I had in the afternoon on Friday with folks post-call. Let's regroup on Monday.
I'll be in Portland but can call you. Best, Jeff Jeremy Meier
<jermeier@earthlink.net> 10/29/2000 11:48 AM Jeff: FYI, we had an instructive
rest of the conference call on Friday with Sue and Robbie et al. They indicated
they could use Steve's help face to face at some point. We are following up with
Sue and Robbie on a couple legal issues, case law and MSA self-certification
language, and let me know if you have additional items. We await approval on the
final tariff language and can then file at the CPUC. Let me know what schedule
works for you. Also, can you confirm the correct names, email addresses, titles
for those new folks on Friday's call: Robbie Rossi, Michelle, Melissa Lloyd?
Thanks. Jeremy Meier Blumenfeld & Cohen Attached for your review are draft
talking points for the Cal Energy Markets conference I'm speaking at on Thursday
in SF. All comments, suggestions, etc. are appreciated. Thanks. Yes, I would
like to participate. Thanks. thanks a million. talk to you then. Lara
Leibman@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 10/31/2000 03:48 PM Here's the info for calling in
-- thanks! Lara Angie Buis 10/31/00 02:17 PM The call-in number and instructions
for the 11/2 8:30 a.m. meeting are as follows: Everyone will dial the toll free
number 1-877-331-6867. All the outside participants will be prompted to enter
their access code, which is 600-480. Wayne, your access code (room 4434) after
dialing the toll free number will be 857-771. I have asked for 4 outside ports
and should anyone else need to join in, they may do so with the access code and
without operator assistance. The duration of the call is 3.5 hours. The call
will terminate once everyone has hung up. Please let me know if any of you need
additional information. Thanks. Angie Buis EBS-Tax x-37097 Attached for your
review are copies of the settlement documents that were filed today in the Gas
Industry Restructuring/Natural Gas Strategy proceeding, including the Motion for
Approval of the Comprehensive Settlement that is supported by thirty signatories
to the Comprehensive Settlement, the Comprehensive Settlement document itself,
and the various appendices to the settlement.? Because a number of the
declarations and signature pages are not yet available electronically, they have
not been included with this note.? Hard copies of the Comprehensive Settlement,
including all declarations and signature pages, are being shipped tonight via US
mail to all parties on the service list.? Additional printed copies should be
available within the next day or so and I will make them available to all of you
- just let me know how many copies you need. I would like to thank all of the
parties who participated in this settlement process.? You have all devoted
considerable time, resources and spirit in the preparation of this document -
and it shows.? We now have a settlement before the Commission that includes
ratepayer advocates, commercial and industrial customers, electric generators,
marketers, shippers, independent storage providers,? gas suppliers,? producers,
utilities, aggregators, pipeline companies, wholesale customers, municipalities,
and retail mass marketers, among others.? While we should be proud of our
accomplishment, we now must turn to the task of getting our testimony ready by
May 5 deadline.? Assignments have already been made and I will schedule a
conference call later this week to discuss related details.? So much for resting
on our laurels.? Once again, thank you all for an outstanding accomplishment.
<<ld2d-#69366-1.DOC>> <<ld2d-#69345-1.DOC>> ? <<ld2d-#69397-1.DOC>>
<<ld2d-#69396-1.DOC>> <<ld2d-#69377-1.XLS>> <<ld2d-#69381-1.DOC>>
<<ld2d-#69366-1.DOC>> <<ld2d-#69336-1.XLS>> <<Primary Rights 4-12 .doc>>
<<ld2d-#69334-1.DOC>> <<ld2d-#69345-1.DOC>> - ld2d-#69366-1.DOC -
ld2d-#69345-1.DOC - ld2d-#69397-1.DOC - ld2d-#69396-1.DOC - ld2d-#69377-1.XLS -
ld2d-#69381-1.DOC - ld2d-#69366-1.DOC - ld2d-#69336-1.XLS - Primary Rights 4-12
.doc - ld2d-#69334-1.DOC - ld2d-#69345-1.DOC Severin Borenstein E.T. Grether
Professor of Business Administration and Public Policy Director Haas School of
Business U.C. Energy Institute University of California 2539 Channing Way
Berkeley, CA 94720-1900 Berkeley, CA 94720-5180 (p) 510-642-3689 (p)
510-642-5145 (f) 707-885-2508 http://www.ucei.berkeley.edu/ucei Email:
borenste@haas.berkeley.edu WWW: http://haas.berkeley.edu/~borenste Attached is a
rough draft of my talking points for a panel I'll be on at a CEM conference in
SF on Thursday afternoon. Have distributed to Western GA team (plus Steffes) for
comment and thought you may have some, too. Topic for panel, "PUC Priorities."
Goal is to (politely?) refute Loretta Lynch's and Carl Woods' continued
assertions that 1) California's move to deregulate was based solely on ideology
with no basis in fact and 2) the solution is to turn back the clock to
command-and-control regulation. The FERC order tomorrow is likely to alter the
points somewhat. Comments are much appreciated. Best, Jeff Chris: As we
discussed yesterday, Laird and I spoke and we think that the presentation is
good to go for Thursday. We'll need to update the numbers for the offer we made
to S.D. last week. You had mentioned that you might want to include a shaped
product. You still considering it? Let us know and we can add it, and make any
other changes you'd like to make at this end. My flight gets into S.D. at at
8:35 on southwest. Best, Jeff Sandi sez it's actually happening at 10 AM and
it's renewable-focused. 

David Forster 03/08/2000 09:45 AM Fyi Dear Justin Marly asked me to respond to
you. As you know, the suffix ONLINE is purely descriptive and now used by many
companies. Therefore, any trade mark registration that incorporates the word
ONLINE as a suffix in the way that you use it will not enable its owner to
prevent others from using the word ONLINE. Given the above, if you have adequate
protection for the word ENRON (which covers the services that you offer on-line
as well as your core activities), I'd say that another application for the words
ENRON ONLINE is probably unnecessary. However, if you use a particular logo for
the on-line service, that should be registered. I hope the above is clear.
Jonathan Day Marly, If you could respond to me on this request, thanks Justin
Paul Goddard 08/03/2000 11:35 Can one of you give me a quick call to discuss .
I'm @ X37047. Thanks. I believe we are to some extent already protected with
"Enron" proceeded with anything, but EnronOnline(TM) , etc. just affords us more
protection. I assume this is akin to why McDonald's trademarks "Mc"Everything?
David Forster 08/03/2000 01:50 Paul, Can you please give me a call to discuss
trademarking? i.e. Are we covered if we proceed a word with "Enron"? e.g.:
EnronEAuction. If we are covered, then was it necessary to register EnronOnline?
Thanks, Dave ____________________________________________________________ This
message is confidential. It may also be privileged or otherwise protected by
work product immunity or other legal rules. If you have received it by mistake
please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system; you should not
copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone.
____________________________________________________________ Per my conversation
with Edmund this morning, we are moving the following countries to the
non-approved list: Austria, Belgium, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Poland,
Portugal, Romania, Singapore, and Slovenia. Below is the list, now updated to
reflect this change. Jurisdictions which are are approved to trade credit
derivatives: Finland, Germany, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland, the U.K, and the
U.S.. Jurisdictions which are not approved to trade credit derivatives include:
Austria, Belgium, Canada, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, France, Gibraltar,
Ireland, Italy, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Scotland, Singapore, Slovenia, Spain,
and The Netherlands. For banks incorporated in a non-approved jurisdiction, it
may be possible for them to trade out of a branch located in an approved
jurisdiction (i.e. U.S. and U.K. branches). This would have to be determined on
a case by case basis. Please let me know if there are any changes to this list.
Sent by: Nella Cappelletto Yes, we should add compliance with OTC Derivatives
and/or Commodity Contracts and Qualified Party requirements of the Securities
Act (Alberta), Securities Act (British Columbia) and Securities Act (Ontario).
Thanks, Peter With regard to our annual review of this list of laws we need to
comply with, do we not want to add the Canadian provinces new "eligible swap
participant" equivalant rules? Molly Harris 03/08/2000 05:37 PM Please find
attached Credit's EOL responses for 3/8/00. Regards Molly You are the best! Why
does it always have to be my deals...?!!! We've received a personal invitation
to a NYMEX Crawfish Boil on April 3 at 5:00 at Garden in the Heights at 3926
Feagan. The cause of this celebration is the 10th anniversary of the Nat Gas
futures contract. It would be nice if Shankman and John Arnold could attend.
Perhaps you can give them a personal invitation... We have received the
amendment to the BC Gas ISDA Master executed by BC Gas, which adds the Canadian
Securities Representation, so we don't have to add the rep into every confirm.
BC Gas won't sign the confirms with the rep in, and this has caused much
difficulties. I am going to count it as signed, since BC Gas has signed, but we
still need it to be signed by ECC. Can you get it signed ASAP and back to me.
Much thanks. We have received the executed Amendment to the Subscription
Agreement with WeatherTrade, Inc. dated March 2, 2000. This Amendment amends the
Transaction Fee referenced in subparagraph (c) of the Fee Schedule to the
Subscription Agreement. Copies will be distributed. Updating another blue file
because Susan B., this time, has not updated it to reference mergers & name
changes! It appears you missed some cpys on the referenced list because Tom had
the freeze panel button on, and you probably didn't see them at first. I didn't
either until I clicked on the down button and they popped up. When you have a
minute, I'll give me a call and I'll come around and show you how to unfreeze
the panel. I spoke to Edmund to get the scoop on what we are going to be doing
on the confirms for Credit Derivatives, and he said that his current
understanding is that all of the confirms will be done out of London. I
communicated that to Bob Bowen. He also said that London was going to be hiring
120 people to deal with the Credit Derivatives business. Wow! Carol, will you
handle this or Mark? Tori Kuykendall 03/09/2000 03:51 PM hi mark - i'm a gas
trader on the west desk and one of my customers had some issues with our
electronic trading agreement. the company is Arco Products, adn their comments
are on the attached file. could you take a look at this and give me an update.
thanks. Torrey, as promised I have attached ARCO's suggested revisions to the
Enron online trading agreement. I look forward to working toward a mutually
satisfactory agreement in this new and thorny area of e-commerce contracting.
Dave (See attached file: ETA_revision0307.doc) - ETA_revision0307.doc We have
received the executed First Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated as of
December 1, 1999. This amendment adds the British Columbia Securities Act
representation to the master. Copies will be distributed. Confirmation Desk: you
can stop adding the rep to the confirms now. Molly Harris 03/09/2000 05:39 PM
Please find attached Credit's EOL responses for 3/9/00. Regards, Molly Here's
the list with the missing counterparties. Molly Harris 03/08/2000 05:37 PM
Please find attached Credit's EOL responses for 3/8/00. Regards Molly Yeah!
Probably... I just got a call from Dave and Frank and they tell me I have a
whole week this time to approve the whole counterparty list to trade Australian
financial power. I'll need to talk to you about his Monday. Hey guys, take
Monday off! Molly Harris 03/10/2000 04:28 PM Please note Credit has no EOL
responses for 3/10/00. Regards Molly 

Mike Jordan 04/04/2001 09:27 AM Please find attached the most recent update for
Merchanting Metals. In summary the planned systems changes and manual
substantiation efforts are behind schedule. Additional resources are being
allocated and the situation is being closely monitored ( both for quarter end
signoff and on going operations ). Please contact me if you require any
additional information Mike Mike Jordan 03/04/2001 16:29 The intention of the
efforts and actions documented in my earlier update ( see attached email ) was
to provide a robust position signoff process for total metal tonnage, spread and
brand and location a timely substantiation of stock on balance sheet forward MTM
debtors and creditor balances OBSF transactional values and a reconciliation of
the barclays intercompany account Despite the best efforts of IT, continuing
problems with the AS400 application, a better understanding of the inconsistency
between stock reconciliation reports, and concerns over the useability of the
outright stock screen enquiry are such that I am currently not confident of
delivering sufficient accurate information to AA to satisfy their audit
requirements - which at a macro level is the transparent audit trail between
stock and forward positions to full accounting values. Consequently I need to
inform you of, and/or require your approval for, the following : I will discuss
with AA the following that OBSF values within the extended trial balance may be
misstated due to data issues ( above and beyond existing conversations with AA
on model simplifications) that there are reconciling differences between trader
position analyses, AS400 on screen enquiries and the formal global position
report ( these differences are at present not understood but would need to be
provided to AA within the audit timetable) an outline of the internal balance
sheet review process described in my earlier note which must now be
reprioritised and rescoped ( see MO work ) The creation of an incentive payment
pool ( possibly via personal best awards ) for key Metals staff who continue to
work exceptionally unsociable hours to meet the above stated objectives The
signoff for additional permanent 'Enron' headcount who will 'duplicate' certain
key position control processes ultimately replacing some existing Traffic staff
A reconciling difference of $15mm exists between the reported DPR and the final
accounting p&l as generated on the AS400. We will continue to investigate
potential misstatements in the system p&l, as a result of data or system
valuation problems, within the month end reporting timeframe. However, this
difference may need to be adjusted for following a final review and signoff of
system p&l values with traders. The recall of all OBSF stock in early April and
retention on balance sheet ( reduced where economically viable ) until positions
are fully reconciled and repeatable daily signoff process can be instigated.
Middle Office work being prioritised is as follows the stock circularisation
initiated for close of business 23rd - with full reconciliation of returns to
current system data by traffic/co-ordination an audit of the stock and forward
valuation report for the 30th ( replacing planned 23rd review due to system
issues ), requiring full download of contract detail for later reference
reconciliation of stock movements between 23rd and 30th sample tests of vanilla
forward transactions detailed position analysis of all OBSF contracts that must
be reconciled to Barclays documentation spreadsheet recalculation of OBSF option
premium utilising the above manually created position analysis the
circularisation of Barclays intercompany account and comparison to our cut off
and substantiation analysis the debtors/creditors partial circularisation
initiated for close of business 23rd I will be in touch directly re the items
needing approval Regards Mike Mike Jordan 21/03/2001 18:20 Several related
issues have resulted in an increase in the level of operating risk for the
Merchanting Metals business. Complexities surrounding the operation of the Off
Balance Sheet Facility ("OBSF") which commenced two weeks before the year end.
The uncertainty generated by the revocation of AA's signoff for the facility
late in the year end audit. The discovery of a number of 'bugs' within the AS400
Merchanting code, arising from the release of OBSF designed functionality, which
compounded the operational burden of supporting the OBSF. The requirement to
amend the operational process and OBSF IT code as a result of the current
renegotiation of the OBSF with Barclays ( and AA ). The senior IT developer for
Merchanting has resigned and been sent on gardening leave. The Corporate
requirement to lower working capital usage for the Merchanting business
irrespective of the above parochial business issues. Various mitigating actions
have been and will be taken to provide focus, gain comfort over control levels
and to provide assurance to senior management as to the accuracy of the Q1 DPR
and business balance sheet. The implementation for SAP for the Merchanting
business has been delayed and effectively decoupled from the higher risk (
higher benefit ) Brokerage implementation - benefit is to provide sole focus on
OBSF for IT Merchanting developers. The AR/AP SAP data quality reviews for both
businesses are continuing so as to provide a detailed analysis as at end Q1.
Middle Office have instigated a new daily working capital report process
tracking cash settlement/ funding data to working capital components for all
Metals businesses. An enhanced position signoff process will be implemented
prior to end Q1 covering gross tonnage, spread positions and summarised analyses
for brand and locations. The necessary report functionality should be available
within the AS400, however contingencies have been initiated to build tactical
VBA/excel reports outside of the AS400 but using AS400 data downloads. User
requests for additional AS400 functionality and reports have been aggressively
prioritised and a code freeze will commence prior to the end of Q1 following the
delivery of three reports determined as minimum requirements for the support of
OBSF. A resubstantiation of the full Q1 DPR will be completed by the Risk
control staff reconciling the full trial balances between Q1 open and Q1 close A
full internal balance sheet review will be completed within the Q1 audit
timetable which incorporates A full circularisation of inventory balances, and
matching to source documentation within Enron Inspection of certain of the above
inventory balances, by third party inspectors, where there is an expectation
that circularisation replies will not be received on a timely basis Substantive
checks back to source contract documentation for the forward priced and unpriced
positions report ( spot checking the key position report signed off by the
traders ) Full reconciliation and recalculation of OBSF option premium values
Full reconciliation of contracts within the OBSF to Barclays documentation (
thereby substantiating existence of stock that we have option to purchase ) and
to AS400 Barclays account A risk based debtors review - matching to source
documentation, where applicable, and any subsequent post quarter end cash
movements A full substantiation of creditors to internal ( contract commitments
) or external documentation ( invoices/request for payment ) A full
reconciliation of intercompany accounts A full substantive reconciliation of
cash and funding accounts I intend to provide weekly updates on the status of
the above actions during April If you have any questions please call me on
x34703 Regards Mike 

Dr. Harris: I would like to thank you for personally taking the time to closely
review my application. Though I am disappointed with the results I am still
determined to attend The TEXAS Graduate School of Business next year. I
understand how competitive the process has become, but I felt that with my work
experiences, recommendations, personality, extracurricular activities, etc. that
this would compensate for my disability. After talking with Professors Titman,
Ronn, Brown and Jemison, I was sure that the School was the right place to get
the education I was looking for. I am still certain that the School is the best
place for getting a great graduate-level education, so I want you to know that I
am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year. I plan on taking two or
three graduate level finance courses at the University of Houston this Summer
and Fall to demonstrate to the Admissions committee that I can compete at the
graduate level. I also plan on retaking the GMAT test. Due to my disability,
this will be a monumental task; but I am determined to prove to the Committee
that I can be successful at The TEXAS Graduate School of Business. I would like
to come down to Austin this spring to meet with you to further discuss my
application file and to personally meet you. If you think of anything else I can
do to strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me know.
Take care and hope to hear from you soon. Sincerely, Ben Rogers Professor Ronn:
I would like to thank you for taking the time to recommend me to the MBA
Program. In the end, the results were not favorable. I understand that it is a
competitive process, but I felt that with my work experiences, recommendations,
extracurricular activities, etc., that this would help my chances and possibly
compensate for my disability. After talking with you and Professors Titman,
Brown and Jemison, I was sure that UT was the right place to continue learning
about energy-finance. I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an
excellent graduate-level education, so I want you to know that I am going to do
whatever it takes to get in next year. I plan on taking two or three graduate
level finance courses at the University of Houston this Summer and Fall to
demonstrate to the Admissions office that I can compete at this level. I also
plan on trying to retake the GMAT test. Due to my disability, this will be a
monumental task, but I am determined to prove to the Admissions commitee that I
can excel with the work at The Texas University Graduate School of Business.
Thanks again for taking the time to listen and talk with me. It has been a
pleasure meeting you and I hope we can continue to talk about energy and finance
in the future. Also, if you can think of anything else I can do to strengthen my
overall application file for next year, please let me know. Take care and hope
to hear from you soon. Sincerely, Ben Rogers Professor Titman: I would like to
thank you for taking the time to recommend me to the MBA Program. In the end,
the results were not favorable. I understand that it is a competitive process,
but I felt that with my work experiences, recommendations, extrcurricular
activities, etc., that this would help my chances and possibly compensate my
disability. After talking with you and Professors Ronn, Brown and Jemison, I was
sure that UT was the right place to continue learning about energy-finance. I am
still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent graduate-level
education, so I want you to know that I am going to do what ever it takes to get
in next year. I plan on taking a couple of graduate level finance courses at the
University of Houston this Summer and Fall to demonstrate to the Admissions
office that I can compete at this level. I also plan on trying to retake the
GMAT test. Due to my disability, this will be a monumental task, but I am
determined to prove to the Admissions committment that I can do the work at The
Texas University Graduate School of Business. Also, I would like to continue our
dialague regarding creating an Energy-Finance Private Equity Fund at UT. I know
that with my industry-wide and investment banking contacts that I can help raise
capital for the fund. I am very interested in energy-finance and think that your
idea is a very good. Thanks again for taking the time to listen and talk with
me. It has been a pleasure to meet with you and I hope we can continue to talk
about energy and finance in the future. Also, if you think of anything else I
can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year, please let me
know. Take care and hope to hear from you soon. Sincerely, Ben Rogers Let me
know if you have any questions. Thanks Ben Sorry about that, I was working on
the Teco O&M costs. Thanks Ben Please send me an excel spreadsheet which depicts
the value that you see associated with the heat rate spread option. I want to
make sure that I understand exactly how you propose valuing the transaction and
how this value would be booked. As such, please provide the following detail:
Will we be valuing/booking a series of monthly call options or a series of daily
call options? What power curve are we valuing the deal against - PJM East or
West Hub? Please send me the current fuel curve that you are converting to $/MWh
to value the deal? What volatilities are you using to value the options -
monthly volatilities or intra-day volatilities or a blend of the two (if
blending please show me what formula you using to blend the two vols)? What
expiration date are you using, i.e.: for monthly call options the 15th of the
relevant month, and for daily options? What correlation are you assuming, 15%
flat for twenty years? Are you deducting all operating expenses from the value
of the option? Are you using the "SPRDOPT" Exotic Options function to value the
option? Are you using the $/MWh VOM dollar amount as your strike? Has Don
provided the fixed payment stream? This stream should be covering both P&I and
not just principal. Yvan, and Ben, please provide answers to these question via
written correspondence so that their is limited probability of misunderstanding.
Thank you both very much for your time and help thus far. Furthermore, I would
like to reiterate that RAC's goal, prior to quoting any credit reserve, is to be
100% confident that: (i) the methodology that is being employed is consistent
among the internal groups; and (ii) the inherent value of the price risk
management contracts matches. This enables RAC to manage the associated risk
during the life of the transaction both effectively and appropriately. Regards,
Christopher 

Randy, this is the issue I left you the voice mail on. Article 6 of the Gallup
Compression Services Agreement (which I am sending to you separately) with ECS
obligates ECS to "work in good faith with CDEC" to establish an automated system
that would automatically have alerted us to peak loading conditions on CDEC's
system. We had a pretty good idea when we signed the contract that ECS would not
be able to complete that by the contract start date, so we negotiated a fall
back plan under which ECS is obligated to "assist [Transwestern] in developing a
manual system to accomplish the same result and will hold harmless and keep
[Transwestern] whole for all cost and expenses" associated with the manual
system. We will fight with them about who owes the $200k that James mentions
below based on their failure to "assist" us in managing the cost. In the mean
time, we need to make sure that we are doing everything we can to get a handle
on the situation to mitigate future costs. Do we have someone who is watching
this out there? We are running so full tilt on TW that we may not have as much
flexibiltiy to manage this situation as we expected, but let me know what we can
do. James had heard that one hold up was the absence of a confidentiality
agreement--I guess between ECS and Transwestern--that would permit ECS to
communicate to us the details on how to access teh key info. from CDEC. That
sounds like a BS excuse from ECS, but it that's what they are saying, let me
know and we can figure out a solution. Thanks. DF James Centilli 12/14/2000
02:49 PM Would you please contact Gerald Nemec and review the Gallup Compression
Service Contract in respect to the Load Control Management. My understanding was
that ECS was to provide a means to access CDEC's online profile in order for us
to make a decision to avoid running the compressor during CDEC's peak load
periods. We have not received access to this information which has resulted so
far in additional electric cost of $200,987.33 for the period of July through
September. Additional cost will be incurred for the remainder of this year, that
I have not been able to review yet. This cost is averaging $79,000 per month if
we continue to run the compressor as we have in August and September. Good
point, but I'm comfortable we're covered because our bidders were all bidding on
a chunk of capacity and primary points. They are deemed to be on notice that
they had alternate point rights (its in the tariff) and if they wanted to submit
a bid that had a different rate for primaries and alternates, they could have
done so. None of them did, and most importantly, the winning bidders did not.
Our letter agreement simply memorializes that we will charge the same negotiated
rate whether the gas flows on primaries or alternates. I assume from your
message you are OK with this and they can get it nailed down? DF I just got done
looking at the underlying contract language as set forth in the pro forma
service agreement in the tariff and it specifically says that the max rate would
apply unless a discount or negotiated rate has been agreed to. My concern with
adding the language below is, could it be argued that not everyone knew the rate
would or could apply at any point, since we just stated Topack and Needles and
if they knew they might have bid a different rate?? Susan Scott 01/11/2001 02:42
PM After discussions with the commercial group I propose that that redlined
language be added to the attached Dynegy agreement and to the 4 other negotiated
rate agreements we've done. If there are any objections you need to get back to
me ASAP. pls print. df In discussion with Dave, we thought it would be good to
put this together in a format of questions and answers. However, as you will
see, the questions I thought of got kinda long- but I think we need answers for
all of them. One thought is to have just the agenda as a couple topics and then
lead in with the first two questions as I've listed. Please provide me your
thoughts asap. MK whasssup? Here it is. Thanks. DF Here is the attachment...
Attached is my draft of a request for rehearing. It incorporates Mr. Stojic's
and Mr. Kelly's initial comments. Please review it and let me know if you have
any comments on or before Tuesday afternoon (I will be out of the office
Monday). Thank you! OK. DF DENISE LAGESSE 01/12/2001 10:34 AM Please approve
Susan's attached expense report and forward to accounting with a cc: to me.
Thanks! Forgot to cc you. df Drew Fossum 01/12/2001 04:37 PM OK. DF DENISE
LAGESSE 01/12/2001 10:34 AM Please approve Susan's attached expense report and
forward to accounting with a cc: to me. Thanks! Lou, do we have any sort of
policy on requests like this? Lee Huber made the same request last year and we
gave her the chair (she only wanted one, however). Norma, any thoughts? DENISE
LAGESSE 01/12/2001 01:14 PM Susan Scott would like authorization to order an
Aeron chair for each of her offices - on 47 and 41. This particular chair is
designed to help with back problems, which she has. Many people at Enron already
have this type of chair, but we rarely, if ever, have a surplus because they are
so popular. The cost is $567.77 per chair plus tax. Please approve the purchase
of two. Thanks! sorry, i left lou off of the message. Drew Fossum 01/13/2001
09:45 AM Lou, do we have any sort of policy on requests like this? Lee Huber
made the same request last year and we gave her the chair (she only wanted one,
however). Norma, any thoughts? DENISE LAGESSE 01/12/2001 01:14 PM Susan Scott
would like authorization to order an Aeron chair for each of her offices - on 47
and 41. This particular chair is designed to help with back problems, which she
has. Many people at Enron already have this type of chair, but we rarely, if
ever, have a surplus because they are so popular. The cost is $567.77 per chair
plus tax. Please approve the purchase of two. Thanks! I believe you got a copy
of the John Sommer letter to producers dated Jan 6 that MKM's spies intercepted.
She forwarded the Sommer letter to Stan and discussed it with him. Dari and I
vented our aggravation by drafting the attached letter to Gibson and Kyle
complaining of Sommer's duplicity, but after tempers cooled, MKM and I decided
not to send it to Stan or urge him to send a written response. As it stands, MKM
and I will probably bring it up with Sommer in OK City and strongly suggest the
importance of coordinated communication to the producers. Stan may also bring
the letter up orally next time he's on the phonne with Gibson or Kyle as an
example of how not to handle this situation. Yea--it was outstanding news! What
a hoss. Can't catch you this time but 14721 keep me posted on your next trip. DF

Evan -- Who is responsible for completing all paperwork for entering a new
market? Is it someone on your team or someone from CEC? There have been some
issues with getting everything coordinated lately and I wanted to make sure that
we knew who was on point. Jim Am I scheduled to attend? Jim The next meeting of
the CAEM Board of Directors will be held on Wednesday, September 12, at the
Grand Hyatt Hotel in Washington, DC. The meeting is being held in conjunction
with the third meeting of our DISCO of the Future Forum. (Please visit our newly
updated website www.caem.org for more information on the DISCO Forum.) Following
the Board meeting on Wednesday, you are invited to join with members of the
DISCO Forum for a Wednesday evening reception and dinner, including a guest
speaker. Board members are also invited to join in the substantive session of
the DISCO Forum on Thursday, September 13. Because of an international medical
convention ongoing in Washington at the same time as our meetings, the Grand
Hyatt unfortunately is already booked. However, we have reserved a block of
rooms at the nearby Wyndham Hotel. To reserve one of these rooms, you must
inform the Wyndham staff that you are part of the CAEM group. If you should
decide to arrange lodging at a different hotel, please do so quickly as there is
limited availability in all surrounding hotels. We will be making the Wyndham
rooms available to members of the DISCO Forum on July 20. If you have any
questions or require any assistance at all, please contact Hope Duncan at
202.739.0134 or Jeff Mangold at 703.729.2710. We are looking forward to seeing
you on September 12. Hotel Information: Grand Hyatt Hotel 1000 H Street NW
Washington DC 20001 Phone: 202.582.1234 or 1.800.233.1234 Fax: 202.637.4781
Website: http://washington.hyatt.com/wasgh/index.html Wyndham Washington DC 1400
M Street NW Washington, DC 20005 Phone: 202.429.1700 or 1.877.999.3223 Fax:
202.785.0786 Website: http://www.wyndham.com/Washington_DC/default.cfm correct.
Is this correct? If so, I will handle it. Thanks Jim. Lora Sullivan@ENRON
07/19/2001 03:31 PM Dear Linda, We are receiving invoices from Ace Federal
Reporters for transcripts of the recent FERC settlement conferences. Linda
Robertson says they should be charged to Jim Steffes' cost center, etc. Do you
want me to send the invoices to you? Let me know. Many thanks. Lora Lora
Sullivan Federal Government Affairs Representative Enron 1775 Eye Street, NW
Suite 800 Washington, DC 20006 202-466-9142 202-828-3372 (fax) email:
lora.sullivan@enron.com <Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)> I'm in
all week. Jim Can we visit about what went on with Ursula at the PRC meeting
when you catch up? BRADLEY JR, ROBERT L, A revised version of the Evaluation
form for Associates and Analysts is attached below. Please disregard and destroy
the form you received on July 2, as well as any blank forms retrieved from the
PEP system prior to that date. Please use the attached for Associate and Analyst
evaluations. All Evaluations for Associates and Analysts must be completed using
this form. - BRENNER, URSULA J.doc << File: BRENNER, URSULA J.doc >> Jean &
Thane -- Can we have a meeting this week (maybe Thursday at 3:30) to discuss
this? Jim We do need a formal plan. We have been working closely together to
identify the issues as they develop and propose solutions. Doug has been
providing us with the necessary specific market information. We have been
successful in communicating that information to the new commissioners and Ercot
and seeking resolution. The commission is definitely more responsive to market
participants that are articulating the issue, providing specific examples and
proposing the solution. Grand-standing is ignored. Those who show up with
complaints but cannot point to specifics are virtually ignored. Those who show
up and complain, but are not participating in the working groups and the daily
Ercot phone calls, board meetings, etc. are ignored. Doug and I met with the
Chairman of PUCT and have had subsequent conversations. Thane and I also visited
with him. Pat Wood made a phone call to Tom Noel and told him to get the Texas
market fixed. (Even though he has bigger things to do in D.C., this is his
legacy and he recognizes that if deregulation does not work in Texas, the
repercussions could be global.) Chairman Sibley and Chairman Wolens (of the
Texas legislature) are also engaged in market developments. We have been working
with the State Affairs legislative committee and keeping them apprised. There is
an Electric Restructuring Committee hearing scheduled for September 6th or 7th.
The forum is expected to be invited testimony only. Those currently listed as
invitees are PUCT Commissioners and Ercot's Sam Jones and Tom Noel. The hearing
is focused on the pilot and we have an opportunity to provide some probing
questions for Wolens to direct to Sam and Tom. Now that Sibley is not a
candidate for Lt. Governor, there is more freedom to open up and ask some
difficult questions. Thane is in Austin on Friday, but is available by phone. I
will be on a plane to Houston at 8:00 a.m. Can we find another time that works
for us to meet? Thane is in an Ercot PRS meeting Friday from 9:30 until 3:00. I
am available after Rick's Friday budget meeting...are you available then? You
are right, we do need a formal plan, Thane has started an initial draft. Thanks,
Jean Jean & Thane -- Walking out last night, Kevin Presto indicated that there
were games being played in ERCOT with the new market rules and prices in certain
markets were not reflective of working markets. Enron needs to use this
situation to quickly get our viewpoints up into the PUCT and ERCOT ISO on what
is driving these problems and our proposed fixes. If ERCOT goes the way of
California - either due to market power or poor market design rules - it will be
a bad day for deregulation and for Pat Wood. As important, the new PUCT
Commissioners need some help right now in messaging the market. Let's get them
to support constructive solutions that will make a real difference. Jean and
Thane, I think that we need a FORMAL PLAN on what to do over the next 3 - 6
months to leverage this situation. I would like to discuss this with you on
Friday am. I am free at 8am on Friday before Rick's budget meeting. Jim FYI. You
may want to discuss with Becky. Jim As an outgrowth of the meeting Leslie and I
had with Scott and Hunter a couple of weeks ago, we have begun work to develop
an electronic tool that would allow us to provide ongoing summaries of FERC gas
activities, and possibly electric activities, in a format that can be linked to
the Fundamentals intranet site used by the traders. We envision a format that
would provide a brief summary and analysis of the order, filing, etc. with a
link to the source document as well for those who would like more detailed
information. This would replace the paper copies you and your people are
currently getting. Many details remain to be worked out, but we will keep you
advised. In the meantime, could you please provide a contact on your side with
whom we could discuss technical issues? What do I need to do? Jim 

Vince J Kaminski@ECT 04/30/2001 02:28 PM I am forwarding for your attention the
resume of Peter Percell who has an extensive experience in modeling physical
flows of natural gas in pipeline systems. Peter is looking currently for a job.
I met him last week at the meeting of the Science and Industry Advance with
Mathematics society at the University of Houston. The application of recent
developments in optimization theory and numerical methods can help Enron to
improve further efficiency of our pipeline system and reduce the consumption of
compressor fuel. Please, let me know if you interested in introducing Peter to
executives in your organization. I shall be glad to make arrangements for an
interview. Vince Kaminski Peter Percell <percell@swbell.net> on 04/30/2001
11:16:58 AM I enjoyed your presentation, and meeting you briefly afterwards, at
the SIAM Workshop last Friday. I have extensive experience as a technical leader
in the design and development of modeling and simulation software products,
mostly for the oil and gas pipeline industry. I am looking for a position that
can utilize my software development and mathematical skills. Getting out of the
narrow confines of the pipeline simulation industry would be a plus. Please
consider whether I might fit in your group. Your answer to a question indicated
that I have several of the skills you look for. Also, please let me know, by
email, the names and contact information of other managers within Enron who
might benefit from having someone with my qualifications in their group.
Attached are my resume and an addendum covering academic & consulting
experience. Publications are available on request. I will call you in a couple
of days to follow up on this email. Thank you for your time. Peter Percell 10030
Doliver Drive percell@swbell.net Houston, TX 77042-2016 (713) 532-3836 voice &
fax - Percell, Peter Resume Only.doc - Percell, Peter A&C Exp.doc Sorry I guess
I didn't read it very well. It's ok with me. Ok. Contact Cindy Stark to make an
appointment. Nasim H Khan@TRANSREDES 04/30/2001 12:42 PM Stan: I will be
completing my tour of duty in Bolivia in September of this year. I am talking to
a number of people regarding opportunities for a new assignment back in Houston
office. Thought since I will be in Houston, stop by your office for few minutes.
NK Stanley Horton@ENRON 04/30/2001 12:35 PM What is the subject matter you wish
to visit about? Nasim H Khan@TRANSREDES 04/30/2001 09:24 AM Stan: I will be in
Houston on May 11th and would like to visit with you in early afternoon if
possible. Please let me know what time would work for you. Regards, Nasim Khan I
figured this posting belonged to one of you. Please see the message from Danny
Jones. Danny_Jones%ENRON@eott.com on 04/30/2001 01:39:56 PM Dear Mr. Horton, I
have recently been made aware of a help desk analyst job#0000108806 that has
become available in your department. I am currently employed with the aviation
department (hangar attendant) of enron and would like to use my past knowledge
and experience to persue my goals in the technology feild. I am asking
respectfully if you could give me a recommendation or referral to ETS technology
department. Anything you could do to help further my goals would be appreciated.
Respectfully, Danny Jones 281-443-3744 smithjones@ev1.net I have contacted the
relevant people of your interest in the job. Danny_Jones%ENRON@eott.com on
04/30/2001 01:39:56 PM Dear Mr. Horton, I have recently been made aware of a
help desk analyst job#0000108806 that has become available in your department. I
am currently employed with the aviation department (hangar attendant) of enron
and would like to use my past knowledge and experience to persue my goals in the
technology feild. I am asking respectfully if you could give me a recommendation
or referral to ETS technology department. Anything you could do to help further
my goals would be appreciated. Respectfully, Danny Jones 281-443-3744
smithjones@ev1.net This is ok by me. Rick looks like a good candidate. Ken
Rice@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS 05/01/2001 03:48 PM Executive Committee: We would like
to pursue an offer to Rick Fehl prior to the next Executive Committee meeting on
May 7, 2001. Please forward your comments or questions as soon as possible. You
will find attached the recommendation letter and his resume. Regards, Ken Rice &
Kevin Hannon This is to advise you that we have available, for your business or
personal use, Stan's four (4) WNBA Comets tickets. These seats are in Section
104, Row D, Seats 1-4. Their schedule is listed below. Please let me know if you
are interested in any of these games. They will be distributed on a business
basis first, then personal use. Preseason Game A: Saturday, May 12 @ 7:30PM vs.
Miami SOL Preseason Game B: Thursday, May 24 @ 7:30PM vs. Detroit SHOCK Game 1:
Monday, May 28 @ 2:00PM vs. Los Angeles SPARKS Game 3: Monday, June 11 @ 7:00PM
vs. Los Angeles SPARKS Game 4: Thursday, June 14 @ 7:30PM vs. Portland FIRE Game
5: Sunday, June 17 @ 1:00PM vs. Utah STARZZ Game 6: Tuesday, June 19 @ 7:30PM
vs. Washington MYSTICS Game 7: Saturday, June 23 @ 3:00PM vs. Sacramento
MONARCHS Game 8: Monday, July 2 @ 7:30PM vs. Portland FIRE Game 9: Friday, July
6 @ 7:30PM vs. Indiana FEVER Game 10: Sunday, July 8 @ 1:00PM vs. Cleveland
ROCKERS Game 11: Tuesday, July 24 @ 7:30PM vs. Utah STARZZ Game 12: Saturday,
July 28 @ 12:30PM vs. New York LIBERTY Game 13: Monday, July 30 @ 7:30PM vs.
Seattle STORM Game 14: Friday, August 3 @ 7:30PM vs. Orlando MIRACLE Game 15:
Monday, August 6 @ 7:00PM vs. Phoenix MERCURY Game 16: Monday, August 13 @
7:30PM vs. Minnesota LYNX Please note that date and time are subject to change;
please check local listings. Thanks, Cindy 713/853-6197 Mailing them to the
house iis fine. It will give us some weekend reading! Thanks.
Stephen.Dyer@bakerbotts.com on 05/01/2001 08:50:01 PM Almost done with your
drafts. Took me a little longer to review and revise Adam's first drafts than I
had thought (there's a lot going on here, as you'll see soon). I expect to send
them out to you sometime tomorrow. Since Debbie is a client too, I think I'll
just mail them to your home unless you prefer otherwise. SD Good news.
Congratulations and good luck. Hello, Bill! Stan will attend in person. Cindy
Billy Dorsey@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 05/02/2001 12:03 PM Executive Committee Weekly
Meeting Date: Monday, May 7th Time: 11:00 a.m. (CDT) Location: 50th Floor
Boardroom Video: Connections will be established with remote locations upon
request. Conf call: AT&T lines have been reserved. Please contact Sherri Sera
(713/853-5984) or Bill Dorsey (713/646-6505) for the weekly dial-in number and
passcode. Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting
and through what medium. Yes, I will attend in person _______ By video
conference from _______ By conference call _______ No, I will not attend _______
*** Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m., Friday,
May 4th Thank you, Bill Dorsey. Thank you for the invitation. Unfortunately
Debbie and I will not be able to attend due to previous committments. 

Tana, Please review the process below: With divisions, EOL does request a new
Password Application for the applicant reflecting the name as you noted below.
When the company is set up in the EOL database we link the company to the Parent
and reference the CP ID. Sam, please confirm, Global Counterparty also provides
the links to establish correlation between the parent and child for our
downstream systems. Let me know if this is the appropriate steps that you would
like to see. Thanks, Stephanie Sam & Stephanie, Re: Cargill Ferrous
International It was my understanding with the EOL Team that all divisions would
have the legal incorporated entity as part of the name. Stephanie, I my
preference is to kick their Password Application back and get them to change it
to read something like "Cargill Ferrous International, a division of Cargill,
Inc." or "Cargill, Inc. acting through its Cargill Ferrous International
Division". Samuel Schott 03/21/2001 01:58 PM Any GCP adjustments will be
highlighted in red. Attn. GCP_London: There's a new EOL Counterparty listed in
the UK. Please respond. Best Rgds. Samuel x3-9890 ENW_GCP Please see attached.
Harry - are you the right lawyer to look at this? Robert B Cass 04/16/2001 04:52
PM Please approve the following product type in Datamanager after 11:00 p.m. See
the steps for approval below. US Steel Hot Rolled Plate Phy Website Short
Description of Product Type: US HR StlPlt Phy Product Type: Reference Period:
The term of the Transaction shall be from the Effective Date (or start date) to
the Termination Date (or end date). The Effective Date (or start date) is 01 Oct
2001. The Termination Date (or end date) is 31 Oct 2001. Product Additional
Information (example): The Transaction is for hot rolled steel with a thickness
of 1" and a width of 72 inches. The transaction is F.O.B. Reserve Marine
Terminal in Chicago, Ill Metro Area. F.O.B. refers to the following terms:
Seller is responsible for freight, unloading and storage up to and including
delivery in warehouse, Buyer is responsible for storage, loading and freight
after delivery. The Contract Quantity shall be quantity submitted by
Counterparty via EnronOnline (5% greater or lesser allowance at Seller's
option). Each calendar month during the term of the Transaction will be a
Dispatch Period. Enron will guarantee delivery by the 20th of each scheduled
Dispatch Period and accept supply to the 15th of each scheduled Dispatch Period.
Payment shall be made, against the receipt of the required documents outlined in
the General Terms and Conditions, in the Contractual Currency by telegraphic
transfer no later than 30 calendar days after the date on which the Commodity is
released to Buyer. Currency: The price is quoted in US Dollars per unit of
volume, which will be the Contractual Currency. Unit of Measure: The unit of
measure against which the price is quoted shall be net tons (2000 lbs) and the
quantity shown shall be in net tons per month. STEPS FOR APPROVAL: click the
START button select PROGRAMS select TEST APPLICATIONS select ENRONONLINE
CLUSTER(PROD) PROCEED WITH USUAL LOGIN/PASSWORD click the Enron Online
Production Cluster "START" button select EnronOnLine (this is the EOL
Datamanager) PROCEED WITH EOL LOGIN/PASSWORD click on the "+" for EnronOnLine
click on the "+" for Product Types click on the "+" for "Awaiting Approval" (OR
"Partially Approved") select the product requiring review as stated in e-mail
above Right "mouse" click on "properties" to view product set-up TO APPROVE:
Right mouse click on "Approved" Thanks Bill - appreciate your help! Bill D Hare
04/16/2001 05:51 PM We informed Tana that we made the change in Global
Counterparty to include, "a division of Cargill Incorporated". We will meet in
the near future to discuss the issues surrounding division and trade name setups
in Global Counterparty. Bill Bill - If Sam's description below of the GCP
procedure is correct, it looks to me like something needs to be changed. The
difficulty lies in the fact that the confirmation system reads the
counterparty's name from Global Counterparty. Since divisions of companies are
not legal entities they do not have the power to contract in their own names. If
the correct legal name is not in Global Counterparty, the confirmation goes out
with the wrong legal name on it seriously compromising the contract itself. That
is the source of Tana's concern regarding the correct entering of divisions in
the system. My suggestion is that Global Counterparty use the same name that the
customer has signed on the EnronOnline Password Application -- my understanding
is that the EnronOnline team returns inappropriate Applications to the customer
until they are correctly completed. In this particular case since the
counterparty is still not allowed to transact on EnronOnline almost a month
after sending in their application they are understandably upset and are now
complaining. I would appreciate it if you could get this one fixed today and, if
you have any problem with changing the GCP procedure, please let me know. Mark
Tana Jones 04/16/2001 03:11 PM Samuel Schott 03/28/2001 01:09 PM FYI... Cargill
Ferrous International is setup correctly in the Global Counterparty System as a
Division of Cargill, Inc. Cargill Ferrous International is the full name of this
division and setup as such in GCP with a Sub-to-Legal Link to Cargill, Inc. per
GCP procedure. Also, the Global SAP team (Cheryl Johnson) would need Legal Name
Change documentation from the Counterparty in order to change this name. Best
Rgds. Samuel x3-9890 (GCP) Enron Net Works _ Global Data Management Any updates
on adding the correct legal name to this counterparty name? Hello, Yes, GCP
provides the links to establish the correlation between the parent and child for
our downstream systems. GCP procedure is to create Counterparty names that
reflect either the Tradename / Division name or Parent Name -- not both
simultaneously. (Although, we have broken that rule for Legal in the past.) This
defeats the purpose of using a Tradename. Best Rgds. Samuel Tana, Please review
the process below: With divisions, EOL does request a new Password Application
for the applicant reflecting the name as you noted below. When the company is
set up in the EOL database we link the company to the Parent and reference the
CP ID. Sam, please confirm, Global Counterparty also provides the links to
establish correlation between the parent and child for our downstream systems.
Let me know if this is the appropriate steps that you would like to see. Thanks,
Stephanie Sam & Stephanie, Re: Cargill Ferrous International It was my
understanding with the EOL Team that all divisions would have the legal
incorporated entity as part of the name. Stephanie, I my preference is to kick
their Password Application back and get them to change it to read something like
"Cargill Ferrous International, a division of Cargill, Inc." or "Cargill, Inc.
acting through its Cargill Ferrous International Division". Samuel Schott
03/21/2001 01:58 PM Any GCP adjustments will be highlighted in red. Attn.
GCP_London: There's a new EOL Counterparty listed in the UK. Please respond.
Best Rgds. Samuel x3-9890 ENW_GCP Please see attached. Doc - I'll be in town
through Sunday morning. Any chance we can get together for dinner Saturday eve.?
Mark 

I'm handling the afternoon -- I think that Harry has this morning. MHC Can you
cover for me today? I am in mediation. I left a voicemail for Sharon Butcher, as
well, just to make sure it is handled. My schedule shows an afternoon session.
Do we have 2 sessions today? If so, you may want to split and cover. Thanks a
ton. I will take you next one in August. Thanks, Kriste Kriste K. Sullivan Enron
Corp. - Legal EB 4861 (713) 853-7557 Phone (713) 646-5847 Fax I got this. I
assume this is 12:30 Central Time? When: Wednesday, September 19, 2001 10:30
AM-11:30 AM (GMT-08:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada); Tijuana. Where: Conf. Call
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~* 10:30-11:30 PST Call-in #: 800/711-8000 Passcode: 4153030
Here is the overview of Bob Henderson's Employment Agreement. What do you think?
MHC Michelle, please comment. Please send me an email response about whether you
and Michelle Cash are OK with what he's written. After that, what do we do? Brad
After a conversation with Ryan Seleznov I herewith like disclose in writing my
intentions in respect to Dealbench. Please see attached Word file Best regards
Tobias Munk Please see the attached. Teresa Please send David Lund copies of our
standard corporate services agreement and the standard assignment letter (use
Bridgeline example -- with and without non-compete). Michelle We're formatting
one this week, and we'll send it when it's done. Michelle Thanks very much. Do
you also have a SSD we can use? Jane << File: 220b - dg - Agreement for
Recruiting Services.doc >> << File: 220a DG - Agreement for Contract
Services.DOC >> Here are the sample Agreements. Please let us know if you need
anything else. Thanks. Diane Goode Senior Specialist I agree also, but I don't
know all the parties or complications involved. Should there be a (groan)
meeting on this? Can you please help with this one? I agree with what the
concern is below. We have GIS ids, and Eid (external id - just like GIS id). I
think we should try to migrate to one of these. Please let me know what type of
statement I should make back to the customer. Thanks. Kathy, Per my voicemail
message, please review the note below. I'd like to work with you on a response
to this customer. Thanks, Brandee Brandee Sanborn I.S.C. Customer Care Design &
Process Support http://isc.enron.com/site << OLE Object: Picture (Device
Independent Bitmap) >> Ngoc Luan Do@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 08/07/2001 12:36 PM To
Whom It May Concern: Through TV and newspapers , I hear constantly about
identity fraud using stolen social security information. I am very concerned
about this issue. I have the following suggestion for our company. Since Enron's
employees are assigned an SAP identification numbers (P number) and an HR
number, could Enron as a company use these IDs instead of the SS numbers? This
will be safer for all employees. For example, I am concerned when I buy the
monthly bus passes and I have to fill in my SS number. I do not feel secure at
all to see my SS in so many databases at Enron, especially when some databases
are from third-parties (out-sourcing). We could use our badge number there
instead of our SS. Please let me know how your organization can help the Enron
employees feel safer about the safeguard of their SS number. Please calendar and
print for my files on this meeting. Thanks. MHC All, A reminder that the HR
Associate Points Meeting will take place as below: Thursday, 23rd August 3.30 pm
- 5.30 pm (EB46C1). The Leads who are responsible for Associates are as follows:
Sunjay Arya Gary Buck Khymberly Booth Ryan Seleznov Mecole Brown Tim O'Rourke
Tana Cashion Sheila Walton Wendy Fincher Sheila Knudsen Karen Phillips Neil
Davies Noel Ryan Cindy Skinner Simone Scott Walker Shanna Funkhouser Peer
reviews are currently been gathered on the above. Upon receipt, I shall forward
to each of you a copy of the reviews for your respective associate. In addition
they will be contacting you to discuss their participation in projects outside
their rotation. Those who are not assigned an associate may also allocate points
(a max of 150) at the meeting based on contribution to your areas for the first
review period. If anyone has any questions on the above please let me know. Kind
regards, Karen. x54667 Shanna, I spoke with Per tonight about this. Let's talk
tomorrow. Thanks. Michelle This is the background to my conversation with
Shanna. I have a copy of the document I can give to you tomorrow. Thanks for
following up on this. Per Per - I did not hear back from Shanna or Sharon
Butcher. Could you please ask Shanna to take this situation to Sharon tomorrow?
John, Per and I discussed the hostile environment issue and we are both
concerned that we may have some repercussions. I am vacation until the 22nd but
Per is up to speed and I would like to make sure that you keep up with him and
any HR / Legal activity that may occur. Thank you Paula Let's discuss exactly
what is involved here -- confidentiality, etc. Thanks. MHC Hi Ya'll, I wanted to
let you know about this before I respond to her request. Let me know if you have
any questions. Regards, Sandra Kathy McMahon suggested that I contact you in an
effort to gather information on: Enron's Affirmative Action Policy and plans; as
well as demographic analysis of workforce (gender, age, ethnic origin,
nationality) Jeff Skilling has agreed to work with Harvard Business School (HBS)
on a 5-year case study called 'Modern Giants'. HBS will shadow Enron and a
number of other companies over the next five years to assess how we react to
market changes and to see how we morph during this time period. Please let me
know at your earliest convience if you can help me. Regards, Cindy please print
all these for me. Thanks. MHC Ryan, Try this. bob k FYI re: NEPCO picketing
issues. Michelle Michelle, Two in one day. We understand that the pipe fitters
are also planning to picket the Lake Worth, Florida project as well. Our
execution team needs to get some guidance and planning for this picketing should
it interfere with the progress of the work. In that respect, we need to dial in
Rick Johnson and Olgletree to plan and communicate that plan to the execution
team. I think the first step is a call between yourself, me, Mark Stubley and
Mike Indivero. And then another call with all folks or a meeting at the jobsite
to lay out the plan. Barbara, please organize a call for Mike, Michelle, Mark
Stubley and me. Thanks. David, I have been advised by our Construction Manager,
Mr. Joe Osler that while he was visiting the City of Lake Worth Building
Planning and Zoning dept regarding our permit status he learned that the
pipefitters have inquired about permit requirements to picket our site.
Apparently the City informed them that no permit is required. I have heard that
the pipefitters have established a picket line at the Payne Creek site today. We
will need local legal counsel to assist us in this regard. Mike Indivero, I
understand that Mr. Mike Croall's release date from NEPCO is Oct 31, 2001.
Please advise as to who his replacement is and their report date. Thanks, Galen
J. Torneby Project Manager National Energy Production Corporation (NEPCO) 11831
North Creek Parkway North Bothell, WA 98011 USA Tel: 425-415-3052 Cell:
425-922-0475 Fax: 425-415-3098 email: <mailto:galent@nepco.com>
mailto:galen.torneby@nepco.com 

Rick Hopkinson@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 09/16/99 10:07 AM Sara, trading is still not
settled. Thank you for the invitaion to the conference call. I would like both
Lynn and I to participate. I assume we should come over EB. Can you tell us
where. Thanks Rick ,Do you want us to come over to the Enron b in your call.
Could Sara Shackleton@ECT 09/16/99 08:55 AM Have you decided who will be
assisting tax-wise for these two countries? I have a conference call this
afternoon at 3 pm (Houston time) with Antonio Felix de Araujo Cintra from the
Tozzini firm regarding further research on derivative products for trading in
Brazil. Attached is a summary of products and the various Enron groups seeking
answers. If you would like to participate in person or by conference, please let
me know. I will be in Sao Paulo from Sept 20-22 and Buenos Aires from Sept
23-24. In Brazil, I will be meeting again with Tozzini lawyers. In BA, I'll be
meeting with Marval lawyers. Let me know if you would like to participate in any
way. Sara please try to verify. Thanks. Sara Sara Shackleton 09/16/99 10:16 AM
How about Friday, Sept. 17, at 9 am (Houston time) which is 11 am (Sao Paulo)
time? Please advise. Sara ___________________________________________ Warning
NOTICE: This message is confidential. If you have received it by mistake please
let us know by reply and then delete it from your system; you should not copy
this message or disclose its contents to anyone. Thank you. - Em-enro2.doc The
call was cancelled. I am waiting to hear about a possible call Friday morning.
Sara Andrea Bertone@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 09/15/99 04:41 PM Yes. If something
happens that I'm not able to participate I'll let you know. Thanks. Sara
Shackleton@ECT 09/15/99 08:15 PM This call has been changed to 3 pm (Houston
time) which is 5 pm (Sao Paulo time). Please let me know if you would like for
me to conference you in. Sara The draft you received has been approved by Dan.
If you would like this executed, please let me know. Sara Daniel R
Castagnola@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 05/17/99 01:47 PM Sara: Looks good. Dan Sara
Shackleton@ECT 05/17/99 11:23 AM Dan: please see if the attached draft works. My
extension is 35620. Sara As a result of our luncheon with the confirm desk
yesterday, could someone develop a comprehensive list identifying all omnibus
attachments? If you think any other pertinent information could be included,
please feel free to add it. Thanks. Sara I e-mailed your assistant earlier this
morning and have had no response. Can we reschedule the phone call for 9 am
(Houston) which is 11 am (Sao Paulo) on Friday, Sept. 17? Please advise. Sara
The conference call has been rescheduled for Friday, Sept. 17 at 9 am (Houston)
which is 11 am (Sao Paulo). I will initiate the call. If anyone would like to be
conferenced in or attend in person, please let me know. Thanks. Sara I am
forwarding to you guidelines prepared for global products trading. It's a good
starting point. I am currently working on guidelines for Argentina which will
address both physical and financial trading. Other "guidelines" exist in limited
form for the remote offices in Singapore and Australia. I am checking on London.
I'm not exactly certain as to what you are looking for. Obviously the foreign
offices have issues that may not apply in the US (although LA. is about as close
as you can get to a third world country). One thing that doesn't show up in the
attachment is the swap eligibility issue. Let me know how I can help further.
Sara Janice Moore 09/03/99 01:57 PM Here it is -- we printed this 2-sided and
laminated it. Becky will bring you the hard copy version. Lunch date later. see
below. It looks like the 2-day L/C issue is an issue. I'll call you shortly.
Joseph Manogue at Tiger called me last night to say he had finally reviewed the
draft ISDA doc with all agreed changes put in and lined from original. He faxed
it to you and will have the original Fedexed overnight. Hope you'll have time to
review it today. S&S has again asked about the gtee and l/c wording. They do not
have anything from us in writing confirming the agreed changes. Joe asked that
you fax the revised gtee wording that has been agreed (I believe it was our
agreeing to reduce the claim period from 15 days down to 5) and the new l/c
wording (drops the 2 day period to replace an l/c with a different bank if the
first refuses to pay). I know we talked about these issues earlier, but Tiger's
lawyers want to get everything agreed in writing now so final docs can be issued
for signing, even if we are the one's issuing the gtee and l/c. Thanks! Call if
you have questions or if I can be of any help. There is an outside chance we
could have everything set to go this week. With best regards, Per Hi back! and
Happy New Year too! To what do I owe this small pleasure? I'm fine in Texas,
still hanging out with Phoebe and Chloe, working hard, etc. Where are you living
these days? N.O.? Atlanta? Memphis? Eleuthra? St. Petersburg? Amelia Island
Plantation? I've simply lost track! As for me, well, I lead the simple life, own
a little house in West University, own a little car (I had to buy a new one
recently - the 14-year old 380 SE started scaring me a bit), you know, the
usual. Are you selling burgers up and down the east coast? Have you gone
international? In a new franchise business? How's your family? Got to get back
to work! This weekend I'm off to Sao Paulo and Buenos Aires on business. SARA
SamChawk@aol.com on 09/11/99 07:48:44 PM Sara- Happy New Year, stranger! Hope
all is well. Do you miss me? SAM Mark Elliott tells me that you drafted some
trader guidelines (physical and financial) for the London traders. I am trying
to develop similar guidelines for the Southern Cone regions (first Argentina)
and thought your expertise would be very helpful. Could you send me a set? I'm
leaving for Sao Paulo on Saturday but I will be in the office tomorrow. Thank
you for your help. Regards. Sara (if .....) (iii) definitive agreements
acceptable to Party A in its sole discretion regarding the debt and all other
aspects of [the project to be owned by Party B], including but not limited to
the senior debt facility, commitments and all project documents, have been fully
negotiated and executed and the [project] has been brought to financial close.
fyi Robert Quick 09/17/99 04:50 AM Sara, here are the trader guidelines I
developed for UK gas, UK power and Nordic power. I assume you need both gas and
power. These are to some extent country or market specific. As these guidelines
need to be approved by Houston, I am copying this to Mark, Alan and Jeff. tks
Sara Shackleton 09/16/99 09:48 PM Mark Elliott tells me that you drafted some
trader guidelines (physical and financial) for the London traders. I am trying
to develop similar guidelines for the Southern Cone regions (first Argentina)
and thought your expertise would be very helpful. Could you send me a set? I'm
leaving for Sao Paulo on Saturday but I will be in the office tomorrow. Thank
you for your help. Regards. Sara Please review the attached memo to verify that
I have identified all of the products that you are interested in trading in
Brazil. I will be in Sao Paulo on Monday, September 20, 1999. Thank you, Sara 

JMB <JBennett@GMSSR.com> 12/22/2000 06:28 PM Parties, attached is the promised
ruling that provides procedural guidance for the hearings on 12/27 and 12/28.
The ruling will also be posted on the web site as quickly as possible. Thank you
for your patience and I hope you can take a few moments to enjoy the holidays.
--Angela Minkin Administrative Law Judge <<1%P701!.doc>> Note that this
communication is confidential, covered by CA's settlement rules. "Lindh, Frank
(Law)" <FRL3@pge.com> 12/21/2000 07:50 PM Confidential Settlement Document Per
CPUC Rule 51 Gas Accord II Settlement Participants: Attached is PG&E's Gas
Accord II (GA II) Settlement Proposal. We believe it addresses many of the
issues and concerns you have raised in the workshops. As an overview, this
proposal: * Maintains the basic Gas Accord structure in place today for the
period 2003 to 2007. * * Offers end user transportation rates for 2003 lower for
most customers than rates in effect today. * * Provides for vintaged Redwood
path rates for core customers. * * Offers a 7.5 cent/dth rate to large customers
while minimizing rate changes to other customers, minimizing the incentive for
these customers to seek to bypass local transmission charges and other
CPUC-approved charges. * * Adopts guidelines to improve reliability and help
moderate prices in gas commodity markets, and identifies the capital projects
needed to meet these guidelines over the course of the GA II period (2003-2007).
* * Provides a high degree of rate stability, with a 3.5% escalator to capture
both inflation and the cost of needed capital projects. The guaranteed rates
will be adjustable only for significant changes in the cost of capital or
increased costs due to governmental requirements or catastrophic events. * *
Preserves a rate differential between the Redwood and Baja paths, although
somewhat less than the current differential. * * Proposes a two-stage open
season for firm transportation services beginning in 2003, with end users
receiving a first option on available capacity. * * Maintains the core
aggregation program with some adjustments. PG&E also anticipates that the Core
Procurement Incentive Mechanism (CPIM) will be similar to today's mechanism, but
will reflect the somewhat larger capacity holdings needed to meet anticipated
increases in core demand and to meet a 1-day in 10-year cold weather event. This
also will serve as a reminder that an all-Party meeting is scheduled at PG&E's
headquarters in San Francisco on January 10 and 11, to discuss this proposal and
to respond to your questions. We look forward to answering your questions and
receiving your feedback. The attached documents include the GA II Settlement
proposal, an Attachment (a copy of PG&E's proposed Gas Rule 27), and a set of
supporting workpapers. Finally, please note that the Settlement document and the
Attachment are in "Word 2000" format. We would be glad to provide the same
documents in an earlier version of Word, upon request by individual Parties. We
look forward to seeing you on January 10-11. In the meantime, we extend our best
wishes for a safe and happy holiday season. Frank Lindh Ray Williams (415)
973-2776 (415) 973-3634 <<PG&E Gas Accord II Settlement Proposal 12-20-00.doc>>
<<Proposed Gas Rule 27.doc>> <<COS & Rates Workpapers for GA II 12-20-2000
Proposal.xls>> Greetings Judge Minkin: This is to inform that a representative
of Enron Corp would like to address the Commission on the issue of utility rate
stabilization plans at the Commission's hearings scheduled for December 27th and
28th. Thank you. Sincerely, Jeffrey Dasovich Director, Enron Corp Attached is a
draft of the talking points for the Commission's hearings. Few points: Our time
is likely to be limited to 5-10 minutes. Mike Day, our outside counsel, will
make the presentation on our behalf. Mike Day is fleshing out the legal details
of our presentation and he will forward that along for folks review later today.
Comments can be forwarded to me via email, pager (888.916.7184), voicemail
(415.782.7822), or home (415.621.8317). We will finalize the message points on
tomorrow's daily call (10 AM CST). The call in number is 800.713.8600. Code is
80435. The Commission's hearings begin tomorrow at 10 AM (PST). Jeff Dasovich
Sent by: Jeff Dasovich 12/26/2000 03:15 PM Attached is a draft of the talking
points for the Commission's hearings. Few points: Our time is likely to be
limited to 5-10 minutes. Mike Day, our outside counsel, will make the
presentation on our behalf. Mike Day is fleshing out the legal details of our
presentation and he will forward that along for folks review later today.
Comments can be forwarded to me via email, pager (888.916.7184), voicemail
(415.782.7822), or home (415.621.8317). We will finalize the message points on
tomorrow's daily call (10 AM CST). The call in number is 800.713.8600. Code is
80435. The Commission's hearings begin tomorrow at 10 AM (PST). Nice job. Going
to be a wild ride. That's a very good point. I'll make the change. Best, Jeff
Harry Kingerski 12/26/2000 03:33 PM Jeff - instead of suggesting a specific rate
increase - 10 or 15 %, I think we should acknowledge that a "modest" increase
may be necessary and may in fact be desirable - but that the specific amount of
increase should be reasoned and subject to well thought out evidence and
hearings, not just determined by whim. In general, we should not be overly
prescriptive at this point and I know you agree with that. Otherwise, I think
you have captured the points excellently. We're in the process of developing a
strategy to take us through the next few months. But while the (otherwise
perishable) thoughts are still fresh in my mind from the hearings on Monday and
Tuesday, I wanted to throw out some observations for discussion in the
days/weeks ahead. OBSERVATION--The pressure to finger somebody for "price
gouging" is increasing. The administration is hell bent on finding a "fall guy."
The price spikes pose real political risks for Davis and he and his folks need
and want an easy way out. His press release following the hearing renewed the
call for "refunds." On my panel, Loretta Lynch asked Reliant and Duke to supply
her with the details of the contracts they cut to sell their power forward to
marketers. And Carl Wood's remarks were extreme. At the Barton hearing, a
liberal democrat (Filner) and a conservative Republican (Hunter) locked arms in
calling for refunds. Bilbray joined the "gouging" band wagon. The utilities
repeatedly called on FERC to do a "real" investigation, with hearings,
testimony, data discovery---the works. On the positive side, the FERC
commissioners lauded Wolak, his analysis, and his remarks on the panel. Wolak
said somewhat emphatically that the nature of California's market structure
makes it impossible to single out a single participant as the culprit. He also
stated that just everyone's just acting in their own self-interest, responding
to the screwed incentives embedded in the structure. IMPLICATION--It seems
prudent for Enron to understand better its risks of getting fingered. In the
best case, the clamoring for a "refund" subsides. In which case, the only cost
to Enron is the internal cost incurred to understand better the risks of getting
fingered. In the medium case, investigations find that Enron (like others)
"played by the rules," but the rules stunk, and Enron profited at the expense of
California consumers. You're right, Sue. Rates can't go up w/out declaring the
rate freeze over in some fashion---trying to finesse it. Thanks very much for
the comments. Harry also had a good comment---don't specify the amount of rate
increase in our comments; rather note that the rate increase needs to be
well-reasoned and based on facts and evidence. Will make that change. 

Shawna Johnson@ENRON 02/22/2001 04:37 PM This is a request for your interview
participation. The Associate and Analyst Programs will be on the Penn,
undergraduate campus interviewing summer Analyst interns next week. Due to
business reasons, previously scheduled interviewers from the Penn team have had
to cancel their participation. Currently, I need three interviewers for
Thursday, March 1st and one interviewer for Friday, March 2nd. Please let me
know of your availability. Campus interviews are scheduled as follows: Place:
University of Pennsylvania Date: Thursday, March 1st Friday, March 2nd Day One
Interviews Day Two Interviews Where: On Campus Inn at Pen Time: 8:00 - 5:00 8:00
- 5:00 Interviewers: Kevin McGowan- confirmed Jen Fraser- confirmed Margaret
Rhee- confirmed Chris Hilgert- confirmed In the event that you have scheduling
conflicts and cannot participate, any referrals at the Director or VP level
would be greatly appreciated. As always, thank you for your time and please
contact me @ ext 58369 if you have any questions. Shawna Johnson Recruiting
Coordinator Sorry about that before. I'll not say anything. Best Jeff "Scott A.
Kushnick" <skush@swbell.net> 01/26/2001 12:48 PM Please don't mention my NY trip
to anyone. Keep in touch. Scott thanks for the update. have you gotten a price?
Doug Leach 01/25/2001 09:40 AM fyi Tom Byargeon, Kevin Miller and Ken Loch in
ENA are working with producers in the US involved in deep water offshore
Louisiana/Texas oil and gas drilling projects. This financing activity was
primarily started to help ENA secure long term well head and pipeline natural
gas supplies to supplement the gas trading desk activities. Just like what
happened in Enron's initial VPP program they are find more interest in oil
drilling projects rather than natural gas projects. They are currently working
on a bid (due 1/31) for the Medusa project which involves Murphy (operator),
Agip and Callon in Mississippi Canyon Blocks #538 and #582. The initial
reservoir reports estimate reserves of 80-120 million barrels of sour crude and
they estimate initial production to be 40,000 bpd starting in 1Q 2003. Quality
is estimated to be a Mars type crude with 25-27 API Gravity and 1.5-2.0% sulfur.
Plans are to build a private pipeline to Equilon's West Delta #143 platform and
then bring the oil onshore. Peggy is finding out where WD #143 pumps to onshore.
Tom's group would like to know if we have any interesting in buying the crude on
either a fixed or floating basis. The floating could be tied to a Platt's index
or the NYMEX. It is far too early to expect Murphy to enter into a physical or
financial contract, but Tom hopes to get us first and/or last look from Murphy
when the time is right. Another alternative is to give Murphy barrels at their
95,000 bpd Meraux, Louisiana refinery in exchange for the new production
barrels. Could someone in your group please give me a notional non binding basis
differential for this quality of crude for Cal 2003? please print Amanda
Huble@ENRON 01/24/2001 01:02 PM Please address, and I'll check with Legal as
well. We typically only book deals when everything is signed off. Jeff David
Hoog 01/26/2001 09:37 AM following up on our discussion yesterday; for these
types of deals, i dont think its necessary to have all the documentation of our
counterparty's authorization to enter into the agreement. these are short term
transactions and requiring this documentation will cause us to lose business
because competitive alternatives do not have such burdensome requirements. the
primary reason we need these things is for the scenario where a muni does a
derivative deal with an open-ended downside, loses $50 million, and then claims
that it was not a valid contract. in our case, they are only hedging. we are
collecting a premium up front and their total cost is known up front. therefore
they will not attempt to make this claim. even if they did, our risk is limited
to the premium , not some big payout. the risk of losing business is far greater
than the risk of a counterparty trying to get their premium back. seems like a 5
second decision to me. is it possible to combine the standard isda and our
confirm into a single long form? by going away from the standard isda maybe we
can eliminate these requirements because the payout liability is only 1-way.
please print RusAmArts@aol.com 01/26/2001 11:57 AM Dear Mr. Shankman, Thank you
very much for your quick reply. Attached is my resume. I highlight the relevant
skills in the summary. The position is with the EES MMC EAST department /
WHOLESALE, RETAIL & COMM, ENRON ENERGY SERVICES. It was posted on Dec. 11, but
the Human Resource dept said that if it is still on the internet, it is open.
Look forward to hearing your comments / suggestions. Regards, Rina -
ENRONR~1.DOC Yikes! That girl's mother sounds like a real problem. I'm not sure
how I would have handled it. How's school going? Any plans for the weekend? Alma
Martinez@ENRON 01/26/2001 11:36 AM What happened? Here's a story...as I was
waiting at the bus stop (7:35am) to go to school, a lady approached me and asked
if I'd make sure her daughter got on a certain bus. The mother was running late
for work and could not wait. I couldn't say no...so Nicki (the little girl-10
yrs. old) and I waited for the bus. It was now, 8:15 and there was no sign of
her bus. On top of things, I had quiz at 8am. Which I then realized I missed. I
decided that Nicki would just have to wait on her own. I asked her if she had
any relatives that would want to know of her whereabouts. I called her
grandmother and explained things to her. Pretty strange...aye. A bus that runs
through UofH arrived and I almost got on without her, but I couldn't do it.
Finally, I told the little girl that she would have to accompany me to school
(8:30am). There were only 15 minutes left of class. I stayed for the remainder
of the lecture. After class we went back to bus stop and within minutes her bus
arrived. I told the bus driver where to drop her off. I notified her grandmother
with the time of the departure. And I was relieved when Nicki called to let me
know she was home safe. Please send the memo to the EGM business heads as well.
Thanks. Jeff Jana Giovannini 01/26/2001 10:51 AM Actually, Jen has volunteered
for the afternoon session. I spoke to her prior to my note. Is there anyone else
in EGM that could participate? Please let me know. Thanks. Jen, please take care
of this for EGM Jana Giovannini 01/24/2001 11:42 AM All, The Analyst and
Associate Programs recognize we have many Analyst needs that need to be
addressed immediately. While we anticipate many new Analysts joining Enron this
summer (late May) and fulltime (August) we felt it necessary to address some of
the immediate needs with an Off-Cycle Recruiting event. We are planning this
event for Thursday, February 15 and are inviting approximately 30 candidates to
be interviewed. I am asking that you forward this note to any potential
interviewers (Managers or above). We will conduct first round interviews in the
morning and the second round interviews in the afternoon. We need for
interviewers to commit either to the morning (9am-12pm) or afternoon (2pm-5pm)
complete session. Please submit your response using the buttons below and update
your calendar for this date. In addition, we will need the groups that have
current needs to commit to taking one or more of these Analysts should they be
extended an offer. Thanks in advance for your cooperation. Thank you, Jana Where
does our 50% (the 1.65 million dollars) show up? Can you provide me with more
details? Great job, guys. Eric Gonzales 01/25/2001 02:02 AM Great job gentlemen!
This deviation shows that Eco definitely has a significant amount of option
value which can be exploited with quick reactions and favourable market
movements. Eric Wayne Perry@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 25/01/2001 00:20 Finally completed
tonight Net to Enron LNG Marketing Company - $ 272,000 ( $0.10/ mmbtu ) Net to
Eco about $3,300,000 ( Enron 50% share about $ 1,650,000 ) Enron total gain not
counting ENA's trading desk margin is $1,922,000 Not bad for a single cargo.
Wayne Jen, please take care of this for EGM 

Marianne: The following are my comments: 1. In Section 1.1, there should be a
parentheses after etc. in the 5th line. 2. In Section 3.1, in the last sentence
after the proviso insert "a" before the word "change" and after the word "in".
3. In Section 6.1, change 20 Business Days to 20 days. Also, add a semicolon at
the end of clause (i). 4. In Section 6.2.1 I'll just note that the discount rate
sentence I think is still an open issue. 5. In Section 6.3, clause (c) should be
reworded to fit with the language in the beginning of the Section. 6. Capitalize
the word "facility" in the definition of Average Annual Load Factor. 7. Delete
the definition of Costs as it is already defined in Section 6.2.1. 8. Where is
the defined term Govt Authority used? 9. In the GTC, the ECP rep should also
apply to EESI. Also, in the 7th line of the reps add the word "into" after the
word "entered" and before the word "this". 10. In Collateral Requests, insert a
comma after deposit in the last line. I will also add granting/perfection
language. 11. In Events of Default, clause (a) refers to a dispute section which
I'm not sure exists. In clause (e), delete the "s": from the word consolidation.
12. Remedies should be deleted as it is already covered in Section 6.1. 13. In
UCC/Disclaimer of warranties, add a clause (c). I would add setoff language.
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax)
carol.st.clair@enron.com Marianne Castano@EES 05/30/2001 11:05 AM Carol: I have
attempted to incorporate the changes that Jim has incorporated in our long form
power agreement which ENA has suggested to date into the short form. Attached
please find a sample short form (for the Con Ed market) for your review. Please
note the following as you review: 1. The short forms do not contain the
optionality relating to our performing billing services -- all of our midmarket
forms anticipate that we will act as customer's billing agent and that we will
collect all amounts due related to T&D and the like from the customer (and
reflect same on our invoice) and pass those amounts on to the customer's
utility. 2. I did not include a "Setoff" provision in this draft, mainly because
the vast majority of the time, we will not, nor will an affiliate, have another
agreement in place with these customers. If you feel strongly about our
including a setoff provision, we will do so. 3. The change in law provision
reads a bit differently from the long form -- the thinking here is that the long
form language is very lengthy and rather harsh (and we've had great difficulty
selling it in the past). Taking into consideration this class of customer, we
decided to include certain items, including our inability to cover our costs due
to a change in law, rules or practices as a "force majeure event" in an effort
to soften the approach (see the GTCs). Also we do not address calculation of a
termination payment in the event of a change in law as the long form does --
again, more in the interest of "saving space" than anything else... Let us know
your thoughts on this document and if you are comfortable with our using this
until such time as the hybrid form is launched. If you are comfortable, we will
drive these changes into our other midmarket power forms. Thanks again for your
help with this project, Marianne P.S. Please be sure to copy Sarah Dietrich and
Jennifer Hillegonds on your response -- they will be taking this project during
my "hiatus" -- I am moving to PA on Friday of this week, and will be out of
pocket through approximately 7/16. I will start up again in mid-July... John: I
have faxed to you the form of Bond, our proposed Bond provisions and the EEI
Master. I am waiting on the confirms and will send them to you shortly by fax or
e-mail. Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax)
carol.st.clair@enron.com Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone)
713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com Carol St Clair 05/31/2001 09:01 AM
Phyllis: Our letter of credit person would be more comfortable if we deleted all
of the language that makes the LC transferable. Are you okay with that? If so,
are we ready to execute? Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone)
713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com lemelpe@NU.COM 05/30/2001 03:00 PM
Carol: I understand that we are still reviewing the attachment that lists the
open transactions. How are you making out on the revised version of the LOC?
Marianne: In addition to my other comments on the Mid Market Power Form, I think
you should add a forward contract rep. Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989
(Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com Christie or Cass: Are we
playing tomorrow at 9:30? Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone)
713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com Rhonda: As I mentioned in my e-mail,
John Lepore at Select Energy (Settlements Group) is trying to reconcile our list
with his list. He needs more info about these trades (i.e., price info) and
would like to talk with you about it. His number is 860-665-2368 and e-mail
address is leporjj@selectenergy.com. Once we agree on the list, we can sign the
EEI Master. Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax)
carol.st.clair@enron.com Rhonda L Denton 05/25/2001 12:45 PM Here's everything
that flows from 5/1/01 forward. Carol St Clair 05/25/2001 12:01 PM We need to
include all outstanding transactions. Thanks. Carol St. Clair EB 3889
713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com Rhonda L Denton
05/25/2001 11:45 AM Do you want 6/1/01 and forward or do you want to include all
of May since they have not been settled? Just let me know and I can send you a
new attachment. Carol St Clair 05/25/2001 10:56 AM Rhonda: Does Attachment A to
the Select EEI Master need to be updated or is the version that you sent to me
the current version? Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393
(Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com lemelpe@NU.COM 05/25/2001 10:44 AM Carol - I
think Valerie Mooney (our credit person) and Ed Sacks are still discussing some
minor fine tuning of the LOC format. I spoke to Bob Bruce this morning - we're
all set on the language in the Schedule to the ISDA, and there is a minor
credit/billing issue in Paragraph 13 related to the timing of transfer of
interest on collateral that Val will discuss with Ed as well. As far as the EEI
goes, the only remaining issue that I'm aware of (aside from finalizing the LOC)
is whether we've finished coordinating the Attachment containing the list of
prior transactions. Sounds like we may actually get these documents executed
early next week. Phyllis Lemell Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone)
713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com Rhonda L Denton 06/01/2001 03:20 PM
I am missing Deal No. 74419 on your sheet. It is Enpower No. 295870. Will fax.
Rhonda: Thanks so much for your help on this. Carol St. Clair EB 3889
713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com Rhonda L Denton
06/01/2001 03:20 PM I am missing Deal No. 74419 on your sheet. It is Enpower No.
295870. Will fax. Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393
(Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com Rhonda L Denton 06/01/2001 03:20 PM I am missing
Deal No. 74419 on your sheet. It is Enpower No. 295870. Will fax. Phyllis: We
can accept the language with your chnages. Are we ready to execute? I am out of
the office today but will be back tomorrow. Please call me. thanks. Carol St.
Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com
lemelpe@NU.COM 06/04/01 08:38 AM Carol - Our credit person doesn't understand
why the transferability language needs to be eliminated. It simply refers to the
same ICC publication for the transfer process that governs the letter of credit
generally. Is there some specific concern that we can address? Russell: Your
comments to the transfer agreement were fine. With respect to the Guaranty, I
will delete the Schedule. Our system did not show any other chnages. Were there
any? Carol Yes. Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (Phone) 713-646-3393 (Fax)
carol.st.clair@enron.com 

All, Please see the attached Interconnect Agreement with Questar. I wanted you
all to have a look at what we believe is the final draft. It is a fairly
standard, fully reimbursable interconnect with Questar. Transwestern will own
and operate the interconnect. You will notice that Questar has requested a
"Payment Plan" that details when they will pay Transwestern for the interconnect
due to the recent Enron events. If anyone has any questions or concerns about
the timing of these payments, please give me a call. Also, you will notice this
interconnect may not be subject to the CIAC tax gross up, but to protect
ourselves, we have added language in Para 3.2 that protects us financially if
the IRS ever comes back to determine that this interconnect is subject to the
CIAC tax. Robert Guthrie with the tax department has worked with us to develop
this language. We hope to execute this Agreement this week. If you have any
comments, please let me know. After execution, we will forward a final copy to
you for your files. Thanks, Kim 713-853-3098 << File: Questar So Trails Hub
Interconnect 02-05-02.doc >> Earl, We are looking at putting the metering
facilities on their ROW (also, I think we will have to purchase about 50ft of
ROW from ElPaso to get to Questar's property). As you look at this, if for some
reason we cannot obtain ElPaso ROW, we will have to look at Plan B which would
be to put the metering on our ROW. Our in-service date is May 1. If you think
that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts/materials on a timely
basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent
Enron events, please let me know. Questar has already informed us that they
would help obtain parts/materials to our specifications if it helps achieve an
in-service date of May 1. Thanks, Kim. Kim Has a location, Theirs or TW
land/ROW, been settled and when is the required in-service date? Thanks Earl
Chanley 505-625-8031 All, Please see the attached Interconnect Agreement with
Questar. I wanted you all to have a look at what we believe is the final draft.
It is a fairly standard, fully reimbursable interconnect with Questar.
Transwestern will own and operate the interconnect. You will notice that Questar
has requested a "Payment Plan" that details when they will pay Transwestern for
the interconnect due to the recent Enron events. If anyone has any questions or
concerns about the timing of these payments, please give me a call. Also, you
will notice this interconnect may not be subject to the CIAC tax gross up, but
to protect ourselves, we have added language in Para 3.that protects us
financially if the IRS ever comes back to determine that this interconnect is
subject to the CIAC tax. Robert Guthrie with the tax department has worked with
us to develop this language. We hope to execute this Agreement this week. If you
have any comments, please let me know. After execution, we will forward a final
copy to you for your files. Thanks, Kim 713-853-3098 << File: Questar So Trails
Hub Interconnect 02-05-02.doc >> Are you back in the office yet? We've booked
Italy tickets this week for departing Houston on Friday, May 24 to Newark/Rome
and returning on Sunday, June 9 from Rome to Newark/Houston. Ticket price was
$1,183 per ticket. Paul and Judy are on board. Can you and Tom join us? Janell
and Dennis will not be able to go anywhere in 2002 due to Janell's broken leg.
Please call me, let's discuss. Thanks, Kim X33098 John, sorry for the late
response, but I think you can implement immediately. I was in a meeting last
week and this was discussed (I don't remember if you were there or not) but I'm
thinking that you may have already proceeded ahead for implementation which is
great, thanks! Kim. The telephony group has the new TW Hotline number and
extensions ready for use, I have the solution center entering the greetings and
Terry Kowalke has a new form and procedure for the Customer Service Reps. to use
for updates. How much notification would you like to give the TW customers
before implementing the new TW Hotline phone number? We can do a Popup
notification along with changing the number on the Web page, we can also put out
a Critical message which will send an Email to customers. Do you think we need
to do more? Thanks: John Buchanan Yes, thanks. I was aware. I just couldn't
remember if it was you or Terry. Thanks, Kim. Kim, The new TW Hotline was
implemented Monday which included customer notification in the form of a Popup
message in TMS and a Critical Notice which sent an Email. The new Hotline phone
number is 713-853-3044. I was under the impression that Terry Kowalke had
notified you of the implementation, TK was also made aware. John Buchanan John,
sorry for the late response, but I think you can implement immediately. I was in
a meeting last week and this was discussed (I don't remember if you were there
or not) but I'm thinking that you may have already proceeded ahead for
implementation which is great, thanks! Kim. The telephony group has the new TW
Hotline number and extensions ready for use, I have the solution center entering
the greetings and Terry Kowalke has a new form and procedure for the Customer
Service Reps. to use for updates. How much notification would you like to give
the TW customers before implementing the new TW Hotline phone number? We can do
a Popup notification along with changing the number on the Web page, we can also
put out a Critical message which will send an Email to customers. Do you think
we need to do more? Thanks: John Buchanan Here it is. K. See the attached
spreadsheet. Let me know if you have any questions. Jan, These numbers are
slightly different from the ones you put together a few weeks ago. Are you
comfortable with the difference? Any thoughts? No hurry, I was just wondering.
Thanks, Kim. Attached is the TW Top Ten Shippers by Revenues for the year 2001
to be reported in the Browncover report. Note: Total transportation invoiced for
2001 was $180.9m. The amount of transportation revenues recorded in the general
ledger is $165.9m. This difference is mainly due to the following: $10.0m -
negotiated rates reserve(Reliant,Sempra, Richardson, Astr,and BP Energy) -
$collected $ 2.7m - SoCal rate issue - $not collected $ 1.8m - additional month
of PGE revenues due to prepayment invoicing beginning in 2001 - $collected
Revenues for these customers were adjusted according. Also, revenues for the
shippers acquiring released volumes from PGE at rates above TW's tariff rates
were adjusted accordingly. Please call me at x36709 if there are questions
thanks, richard Kyle, Sorry for not sending this yesterday. Monday's are always
tough. Please review and let me know what you think. Let's talk before I leave
town next Wednesday. Thanks, Kim. Kim, Here is the Job Description and the
Operational Accountabilities for the position I mentioned to you last Sunday. As
you can see it will take someone with some very good skills in organizing and
interpersonal relationships. It will also require someone who is fairly mature
in their own spiritual journey. If you know someone who might fit the bill ask
them to contact me and/or send me their resume. See you Sunday. Tom Thomas W.
Daugherty Vice President for Spiritual Care Methodist Health Care System 6565
Fannin Street, D-200 Houston, Texas 77030-2707 Office: 713-793-1429 Page:
281-735-5919 Cell: 713-819-2784 Fax: 713-790-2605 Mansoor, Let's discuss. Kim.
Kim The in-service date of May 1, will be very difficult to attain. Since the
bankruptcy filing, vendors have been very reluctant to ship material prior to it
being prepaid (Daniels, Fisher, Rosemont, other). These are the vendors of
instrumentation required for the interconnect. Questar may be able to purchase
material, but some of the items can have up to a 60 day delivery. (From time PA
approved and funded to in-service will be 75 days at most. We have worked with
Daniels on a chromatograph on another project and prepayment has taken 45 days
alone. Daniels is not set up for prepayments as they bill off an invoice and the
main office and accounting had to create an invoice for a chromatograph that had
not been delivered. Not the usual mode of operations. The I/C design is for a
UltraSonic meter and this is dependent on their testing schedule ( Canada or
Kansas are the only two places to test to 100% of design). Will confirm testing
schedule and delivery dates with UltraSonic ASAP. We will try to complete the
I/C with the earliest in-service date possible, but with conditions as they are,
a realistic date would be June 15, 2002. If you have questions or issues, please
let me know. Thanks Earl Chanley 505-625-8031 Earl, We are looking at putting
the metering facilities on their ROW (also, I think we will have to purchase
about 50ft of ROW from ElPaso to get to Questar's property). As you look at
this, if for some reason we cannot obtain ElPaso ROW, we will have to look at
Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW. Our in-service date is May
1. If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts/materials
on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of
recent Enron events, please let me know. Questar has already informed us that
they would help obtain parts/materials to our specifications if it helps achieve
an in-service date of May 1. Thanks, Kim. 

Listening to the Edison call w/investors Edison says they will pay everyone at
the same time ("big bang" approach) sometime in Q1'02. My concern is that
between now and then Dunn, the AG have the time and resources to make a
heckuvalot of mischief, which could be detrimental to generators/marketers'
claims. Investors are asking what Edison intends for QFs and generators--asking
about haircuts in particular--and Edison is side-stepping the questions. Great.
Figured they'd contacted them, but wanted to make sure. You know when the
meeting with schedulers will be? I apologize, I'm on the road and haven't heard
when that will be. I'm thinking that I may want to attend. Thanks. Best, Jeff
Thanks for the info - a few people from our shop will be in attendance./ If you
haven't heard, SoCal's announced their abandoning windows for OFOs. They're
holding "workshops" on how it will all work soon. I'll get you the announcement.
Best, Jeff Probing the 'palace coup' Electricity: A panel focuses on price hikes
and the actions of the ISO president. September 26, 2001 By KIMBERLY KINDY The
Orange County Register SACRAMENTOA state Senate committee is set today to start
serving 16 subpoenas on electricity producers and officials who manage
California's energy grid to determine whether they acted in concert to
manipulate energy prices. The investigative committee, headed by state Sen. Joe
Dunn, D-Santa Ana, is focusing on a series of events last fall filled with
enough Shakespearean plot twists and intrigue that it has earned a name around
the Capitol: "the palace coup." Lawmakers and consumer groups allege that the
events - directed by the man who heads the state's energy grid - fueled the
California energy crisis, pushed the state into the power-buying business and
helped make billions of dollars for power producers. The central question behind
the palace coup is whether Terry Winter, the president of the Independent System
Operator, acted alone when he took steps to remove key price caps designed to
limit the amount power generators could charge. Winter defied his own board and
Gov. Gray Davis when he filed a 50-page request to remove the caps, records and
interviews show. "I don't know how these events could have taken place without
some concerted effort," said Dunn. The subpoenas will force those involved,
including Winter, to provide sworn testimony about the events to the committee,
and to turn over e-mails, personal calendars and memos. Davis spokesman Steve
Maviglio said the governor felt "betrayed" by the actions of Winter. "The
governor believes it was the defining moment, when what was a mounting problem
turned into an instant crisis," Maviglio said. Winter refused comment, referring
all questions to the public relations office. ISO spokesman Gregg Fishman said
Dunn's committee will find no criminal conduct. The decision was made by ISO
upper management with one goal in mind: to keep the lights on. At the time,
generators were refusing to sell power in California because of the price caps.
"It was an emergency," Fishman said. "We had to take action.'' What became known
as the palace coup began on Oct. 26 when ISO board members voted for severe
restrictions on the amount of money electricity producers could charge for
power. The restrictions would drive prices as low as $65 per megawatt - nearly
12 times below the $750 per megawatt limits of seven months earlier. "They
(electricity generators) grinned and beared the $750 price cap, but this new
plan by ISO was too much," said Dunn, whose committee has been investigating
since March. "All hell broke loose.'' Records show that on Oct. 31, power
generators and electricity traders filed letters with the Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission, demanding that the new plan be killed. The letters, six
in all, were sent within two hours of each other and represented dozens of power
generators. "If not removed immediately, the (ISO) price cap will sow confusion
in the market, threaten reliability and stifle new investment in generating
capacity,'' read one letter written by Duke Energy Vice President William Hall
III. Although there is nothing illegal about the generators acting together to
lobby against price caps, Dunn believes the letters and other actions around the
same time showed clear coordination among energy officials. He said the main aim
of the subpoenas will be to determine whether collusion occurred to "fix"
prices, which would violate federal trade laws. In the Oct. 31 letters,
electricity producers told federal officials that if price caps weren't removed
it would lead to a collapse of the energy market. The generators got their way.
The next day, the federal commission killed the new pricing plan. What was left
in place was a $250 price cap established five months earlier. Power producers
then turned their attention toward killing that cap, saying they couldn't make a
profit even under these constraints. They began to withhold power from
California, and on Dec. 7 the ISO declared its first Stage 3 emergency and
braced for blackouts, which were narrowly averted. What followed the next day is
considered by the governor and Dunn to be the pivotal moment of the energy
crisis. Winter, who in his position as president and chief operating officer of
the ISO, submitted a 50-page emergency request, asking federal officials to
abolish the $250 price cap. Final authority over lifting the cap rested with the
federal government. Neither the ISO board, which had established the price cap,
nor the governor learned of Winter's actions until the cap had been removed. In
fact, the attorney who helped draft the emergency request, Charles Robinson, was
in a meeting with representatives of the governor and ISO board members just
hours before the filing was made. He didn't mention anything about it. "In
retrospect, we should have told them,'' Robinson said. With the price caps gone,
the generators filed paperwork with federal regulators justifying higher costs.
"The ISO staff sat in a meeting with the governor's key energy advisers with
poker faces, not saying a word about something that was going on at the exact
same moment,'' Maviglio said. "It was beyond belief that they failed to mention
something so significant. This action accelerated the utilities' move toward
bankruptcy and forced the governor to move the state into the power-buying
business." Prices for electricity jumped from an average of $249 a megawatt to
$700 a megawatt within three days, ISO records show. Dunn believes the resulting
overcharges for electricity exceeded $30 billion. Robinson said the filing -
granted two hours after the request - helped rather than hurt Californians.
Prices, he said, did not spike as a result. Instead they followed the
skyrocketing price of natural gas - which is used to run power plants to
generate electricity. Robinson said the emergency order allowed the ISO to
secure refunds should overcharges for electricity be proven to federal
officials. "We believe the action we took addressed a severe concern,'' Robinson
said. "In our view, we did not believe we changed or made worse the financial
situation. We felt we made it better because it introduced a process for review
and refund." Jan Smutney-Jones, who was the ISO board chairman at the time and
executive director of a group that represents power generators, said Winter did
not consult him about eliminating the price cap. Smutney-Jones also said he was
unaware of anyone in the power-generating community being consulted. "Terry did
this by himself,'' said Smutney-Jones, executive director of the Independent
Energy Producers. "He did what he thought had to be done at the time to keep the
power flowing." The ISO board called an emergency meeting the next week
demanding Winter explain his actions. Some board members pushed to have Winter
removed, but there were concerns such action would lead to more chaos, the
governor's spokesman Maviglio said. James J. Hoecker, the former Federal Energy
Regulatory Commission chairman, defended making the December decision and also
defended Winter. "They filed an emergency motion, and we were not about to let
California go dark,'' Hoecker said. "They (ISO management) did what any
independent system operator would do." What Dunn's committee hopes to learn is
why all these events transpired. He believes memos and e-mails around the time
of Winter's Dec. 8 actions should provide vital clues. "We don't know why he did
what he did, but we are eager to find out," Dunn said. "Terry said he made that
filing in the interest of Californians, but I find that argument has no basis in
fact.'' We should resurrect Mike Smith's note and get him on the call in the
attempt to avoid recreating the wheel on this one. I can dig it up if you'd
like. Sue and Jeff -- I am having a meeting with Vicki and Janet Dietrich on
Thursday to discuss our view on the ability to extend our current contracts in
CA (for customers already on DA). Can we discuss this today or soon thereafter.
My take is that the UDCs will be indifferent to this (maybe?) and our #1
priority is to work to get the PG&E model adopted across the state. Any news on
how SCE and SDG&E will move forward? Thanks. Sounds good. I suggest a "blind
draw" on the teams, best ball not scramble on the golf, and as for the wager, no
emails from the losing team for one week! Is there any question? I'll leave to
Steve to structure the deal. As I recall, Montavano, Shapiro and I usually make
up one team, but I'm willing to switch around a bit. Best, Jeff Are you playing
golf? And if yes, what's the game and wager??? Jim 

"Neal S. Manne" <NMANNE@SusmanGodfrey.com> 11/28/2000 06:16 PM It's a two way
street, of course. Have they expressed any interest in negotiating? There is
nothing wrong with a REAL negotiation, but nothing particularly helpful about
generating one that s just for show. Particularly in the absence of any entreaty
from them. Where is the "simple" explanation of the transportation piece? As I
have told RNR, I think we should advise Duke in writing that its IP is not in
conformity with the contract, sinceit is in the alternative, and that our IP is
hence the only one that will be before the arbitrators (since Duke clearly
cannot change it's ineffective IP at this stage, having already seen ours).
Accordingly, the only issue left for arbitration is whether our IP (the only one
and therefore the one they have to choose) is or is not an economic hardship
under the contract. What say ye? none Susan Rance@ENRON 11/28/2000 03:58 PM By
Friday December 1st, could you please tell me the percentages/amount of time you
spent on East Coast Power during the months of October and November. In
addition, could you look over the list below to see if there are any additional
employees in your group that spent time on ECP, so we can ensure we bill all of
our used resources to ECP. Thanks for you cooperation. ***Mary Perkins - Could
you forward the number of transactions and accounts. ***Jason Chumley - Could
you forward the number of contractor hours and help/remote support hours. HR -
Veronica Parra, Nedre Strambler, Fran Mayes, Felicia Solis Legal - Bob Carter,
Travis McCullough, Lisa Mellencamp, Shelia Tweed, Richard Sanders, Michelle Cash
Corporate Finance- Joe Deffner, Brain Kerrigan, Lewis Worthy, Mary Perkins IT-
Jason Chumley Structuring/Technology - Brad Alford, Chris Coffman, Bill Keeney
Insurance- David Marshall Susan Looks good Steve Van Hooser 11/28/2000 11:34 AM
Richard, How does this look? If I can get a few minutes with Mark H. today, I'm
going to propose that I speak to Stan Klimberg about getting this signed before
Thursday's meeting with LIPA. Thanks for your help this morning. Steve In the
three years I have been here, I am unaware of an ENA/ECT bad faith claim against
any insurance company. Anyone else? If so, please contact Michelle. Michelle
Blaine@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 11/28/2000 07:35 PM Justin, I have no knowledge of any
bad faith actins Enron has pending inTexas but I will call Richard Sanders who
manages domestic litgation here. I've read the materials you sent and agree we
need to address these allegations appropriately. Richard do you have any bad
faith litigation pending against any insurers in Texas or are you aware of any
Enron has filed?? We sued Houston Casualty last year but I don't recall making
any bad faith claims. It settled anyway, a long time ago. mb Michelle, Did you
get my fax on Friday? I guess the questions on which I should like your steer
are: (a) Do you have a particular sensitivity about the reference to bad faith
proceedings made by United India? (b) Is it right that Enron has 3 sets of bad
faith proceedings in Texas? (c) Are you happy with the draft letter to
Beachcrofts I sent you? Please give me a call if you would like to discuss.
Justin Not when I was there, but I wasn't there the whole time. Michelle and
Ken, were you able to discuss the "bad faith" proceedings issue yesterday? If
you got the chance today, I should be really grateful if one of you could give
me a call to discuss this issue; I think we should set out DPC's position
clearly on this in correspondence without too much delay. Justin
____________________________________________________________ This message is
confidential. It may also be privileged or otherwise protected by work product
immunity or other legal rules. If you have received it by mistake please let us
know by reply and then delete it from your system; you should not copy the
message or disclose its contents to anyone.
____________________________________________________________ Address this to
Robin Gibbs for my signature. Thanks. Russell Montgomery@ENRON 11/28/2000 08:22
AM Richard- Per my voice mail, here is the letter. As I mentioned, please let me
know when it is ready, and I will send someone to pick it up. Thank you for your
help. Russ 3-5297 brianp@aiglincoln.com Rob Jacobs <rsjacobs@Encoreacq.com>
11/28/2000 11:25 AM Hi Rich, Have you heard if the Kinga has had little Brian II
yet? Also, remind me of Patterson's email, so I can harass him directly. Hope
your pre Chanukah planning is going well. Rob - C.DTF As you can tell from the
time of my e-mail, I am getting crushed. Please ask her to be the contact
person. Robert C Williams@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT 11/28/2000 09:46 AM Now that
Michelle is in your fold, do you want to reconsider her being the contact person
with AAA on this? I am sending you a letter from their atty. Call me to discuss.
Cheryl Marshall 11/27/2000 10:25 AM As of today, we have not received payment in
full as requested in Richard Sanders' letter dated November 16, 2000. We did
receive a payment for $3,202.61 on 11-20-2000. Richard - please let me know what
we need to do next to file suit. Nuria_R_Ibarra@calpx.com on 04/28/2000 11:15:11
AM The attached letter is being sent to you from Patricia Gillman. (See attached
file: Sanders Letter 4_28_00.doc) - Sanders Letter 4_28_00.doc Richard B Sanders
11/28/2000 09:56 PM I am sending you a letter from their atty. Call me to
discuss. Cheryl Marshall 11/27/2000 10:25 AM As of today, we have not received
payment in full as requested in Richard Sanders' letter dated November 16, 2000.
We did receive a payment for $3,202.61 on 11-20-2000. Richard - please let me
know what we need to do next to file suit. Has Liz finished with gathering the
documents? melanie.gray@weil.com 11/13/2000 03:43 PM Here are the revised dates
for the response/reply/and hearing dates for Enron's motion to compel. As you
may recall, they say they want a deposition on the parties' intention. We should
be expecting a deposition notice soon if they are going to follow through on
their threat. I passed along to Liz Austin your request regarding pleadings A&K
has filed setting forth the Trustee's position in connection with the
enforcement/nonenforcement of the power contracts and what remedies the Trustee
is seeking. As you see below, she is pulling those together. Call to discuss the
response to the Trustee's settlement offer. Thanks. Hi--Talked to Craig and the
Court today. The motion to compel is now scheduled for Dec. 12 at 2p.m. The
trustee's oppositon papers are now due Nov 27 and Enron reply is due Dec 1. I
have my paralegal gathering the pleadings Enron requested. That is all for
now.--Liz **********NOTE********** The information contained in this email
message is intended only for use of the individual or entity named above. If the
reader of this message is not the intended recipient, or the employee or agent
responsible to deliver it to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified
that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is
strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please
immediately notify us by telephone (713-546-5000), and destroy the original
message. Thank you. "Gerry Strathmann" <gstrathmann@mediaone.net> 11/08/2000
02:19 PM Dear Mr. Sanders - ? While I left a you a phone message with some
information about our project, I thought I could give you some additional
details by e-mail as well... ? We are still very interested in having Enron
support our eCommerce Dispute Management Protocol.? We have had enthusiastic
responses from companies such as AT&T, Duke Energy, Pitney Bowes and
DaimlerChrysler, and I would be pleased to answer any questions you may have
about this focal point for our educational efforts.? The real purpose of my
call, however, is related to the services we will provide to support the
aspirational statements of the Protocol. I am a member of the design group that
has been developing the American Arbitration Association's dispute management
systems and services for eCommerce B2B transactions.? At this time we are
putting together small working groups to validate some of our assumptions and
refine our initial service offerings. Initially our design group, along with
perhaps one of our technology consultants, would like to meet with a group of
Enron people for half a day.? Ideally this group would consist of four to six
people from finance, legal, and operations so that we get good cross-functional
feedback about our services.? Before the meeting we would provide you with a
brief description of our proposed service offerings and a list of points for
discussion at the meeting. The real focus of the meeting will be on how we
should build these services to meet the needs of businesses operating in B2B
marketplaces.? We are very concerned with providing services that are relevant
to that environment. We would like to meet between November 14 and?December
1?since construction of our services is already underway.? Please let me know
what is possible, and feel free to give me a call if you have any questions
(978-376-9004). ? Thanks. -> Gerry Gerry Strathmann eCommerce Group American
Arbitration Association (978) 376-9004 303-294-4499 "Neal S. Manne"
<NMANNE@SusmanGodfrey.com> 11/29/2000 09:52 AM Thanks, Richard. Do you have a
tel # for Mike? Thanks. Mark Palmer@ENRON 11/29/2000 10:45 AM I'll send a copy
of the suit filed against the generators as soon as I get it. Mark "Leopold,
Jason" <Jason.Leopold@dowjones.com> 11/29/2000 10:40 AM Hello Energyphiles: OK,
perhaps it was inevitable. But it is now official. A team of San Diego's best
anti-trust and class action attorneys has been assembled to take on the electric
generators and marketers in California state court in an effort to return the
electricity overcharges that have battered San Diego and the rest of California
this year. A press conference will be held to discuss the consumer class action
lawsuit to be filed today. WHEN: 11am - noon WHERE: 550 West C St. (b/t Columbia
& India) Suite 1810 Law Offices of Levine, Steinberg, Miller & Huver
619-231-9449 WHAT: Copies of the filed complaint will be made available at that
time. UCAN's executive director and the attorney team will be available to
answer questions about the complaint. We are hopeful that we can post the
complaint to the UCAN web site later today. ***********************************
"Time is the best teacher, except for the fact that it kills off its best
students" Michael Shames Executive Director Utility Consumers' Action Network
1717 Kettner Blvd. Suite 105 San Diego, CA 92101 619-696-6966 mshames@ucan.org 

the industry of Marriage and Kids, you heard me. Marriage is, in and of itself,
a noble concept, but it too often leads to kids and kids flat out suck. How can
I say such an abomination, ask you? Look around you and notice all the mind
numbing trailor trash cretins out there who should not be procreating, yet they
do. These are the people who keep Jerry springer on the air. These are the kids
who will destroy society, because of the crapfest the American family has become
under the post hippie culture, you heard again. And you might think by reading
this I blame the kids..... Not so, Kids are what kids are and will do what they
do. It is literally monkey see and monkey do with them. That will likely never
change. It's the bad parents out there who fuck up their lives and dont seem to
understand that once you decide to have kids, it is indeed time to grow up and
be a responsible role model for those kids. Very few parents do this. And this
is a direct result of the Politically correct, permissive, time out granting
bullshit liberal culture that has caused this. When you blame it all on society,
there's noone to to take responsibility and all of a sudden you have generation
of fucked up kids who are likley smoking, drinking, doing drugs, fucking the
neighbor or some internet perv just because you are too lazy to see waht they're
doing. People like this will never have my sympathy, nor do they deserve my
sympathy. Look inside yourselves parents, is this you? Probably it is. Fuck you.
Stop trying to pawn your brats off on others to "get a break" . You made a
choice to be a mommy, you dont get a break until they move out, thats the choice
that you madea and that's life. Tough shit. Just because you're stuck, doesnt
give you the right to drag down all the singles around you. Another time I'll
segueway into all the fun work related instances where "Mommies" get out of
doing work and hiding behind childcare as the reason. This is the insidious
conspiracy I call "Mommism". It must be stamped out. 

[http://www.newsday.com/news/opinion/ny-vpnasa054135614feb05,0,5979821.story?coll=ny-editorials-headlines]
(Newsday.com) It looks like NASA is ready to sour again after it's devastating
loss from the Columbia accident which occurred nearly two years ago. Now, NASA
engineers and astronauts are almost giddy with "go" fever as the tentative date
for the first launch since the Columbia disaster approaches. The most important
question isn't whether Discovery is technically ready to fly with new safety
features and emergency procedures, but whether the agency itself has learned
from the crucial errors most common to Challenger and Columbia, errors that grew
out of a management culture that discouraged criticism and sacrificed safety for
image-puffing and budget-cutting. I hope so. Seeing another "Columbia" incident
can be quite frightening (I woke up to it early in the morning when I was in
Texas). We don't need another incident as exploring the cosmos is something that
keeps our imagination going as a species. Maybe one day they will allow space
tourism, (hopefully that will be in the near future)although I would recommend
that NASA build new shuttles instead of trying to preserve the older ones. You
do have to give NASA credit on some things as they have eliminated the "fear of
reporting failure" culture that probably led to the lack of reporting defects on
the Columbia shuttle. Instead they are encouraging everyone to come forward if
they see any potential problems (as it is clear that overlooked problems could
result in unnecessary losses). But supporters are pointing a few good things
out: Clearly, the agency has worked hard at tackling the technical challenges
posed by a superb and surprisingly independent-minded investigative panel. A few
weeks ago, shuttle workers at the Kennedy Space Center received a rocket-like
boost in morale with two important deliveries for the next shuttle to carry. One
is a special tool to detect damage to the thermal-protective tile while in orbit
- something the Columbia crew would have welcomed. The other is a new fuel tank
"guaranteed" by NASA not to shed potentially fatal hunks of insulation. NASA has
some PR hurdles to overcome in the future. But lets hope for their sake (and the
sake of all space lovers out there) that they can redefine their image and
rekindle the hope of space colonization again. Selah. -- Posted by Hidden Nook
to Hidden Nook at 2/7/2005 01:09:32 AM 

Healing the Collective Body In George Orwell's influential novel "1984"
doublethink is a device promoted by the totalitarian state government to make
people accept two irreconcilable ideas at the same time such as "war is peace".
I see the merit in flowing with duality. One of my most cherished dualities is
the understanding that we are both autonomous individuals with the power to
shape our personal destinies and at the same time we are all one, that there is
no separation between you and I, we are all together in this thing called life,
we human beings, the birds and the tress, the rocks and the sky, all of it. I
have written a lot recently about healing the self so today here are a few words
on healing our collective body, mind and soul. Think of all life, if you will,
as one great choir or one grand congregation. Our strength is in our unity and
harmony. Any major dischord and we all suffer. Any insult to the collective good
brings us all down. Living out of synch with nature is the great disease, from
that flows all the tributaries we have come to think of as sickness. We are only
as strong as our weakest, we are only as healthy as the sickest amongst us-
playing sports and being in the army taught me that lesson before I was finished
being a teenager. When the healthy treat the sick with scorn and intolerance it
brings us all down. When those lucky enough not to have Herpes create a climate
of shame and indignity for those of us who do, not only are they hurting us, but
they are hurting themselves. There is no escape from the collective ocean we all
swim in. What you project will always come back to either reward or haunt you.
We are now suffering from the consequences of our rape of the environment, our
rejection of the natural for the industrial, and our embrace of violence over
peace. Jesus said that what you do the least of the people you do to him. What
are you doing to the least of the people? If we are all in this thing together,
let's play nice. Remember that what you do to yourself affects me and everybody
else, remember that what you do to me and anyone else shapes your destiny. No
matter what progress we make as individuals in becoming healthier, we will never
achieve real health until we collectively decide to create a healthier reality.
Fortunately circumstances will force our hand soon since our collective bad
behaviour cannot continue indefinitely. In the near future collective choices
will need to be made. Will we choose to live in harmony with this planet or
crash and burn in a conflagration of arrogance and disregard? Will we choose to
rise about prejudice and intolerance or go down kicking and screaming with
holding on to fear and anger? There is no health without peace and no peace
without health. November 2005 Sunshine Coast, British Columbia, Canada
Christopher Scipio Homeopath/Herbalist Holistic Viral Specialist 

One Simple Idea. One Huge Opportunity. What are you searching for? More personal
freedom? More time with your family? Independent wealth? Freedom from the fear
of corporate downsizing? Whether you are looking for a part-time income to help
pay off your debts or you are looking for the freedom offered by working from
home on a full time basis, Agel is the vehicle that can make that happen. Agel
is a new company and is uniquely positioned to be the next giant in the network
marketing industry. The company has developed an entirely new category of
products. Imagine being part of the next industry-changing innovation.
Innovative Products Agel introduces an entirely new category of products called
Gelceuticals. The company has developed a unique and innovative delivery
mechanism for nutritional products. This proprietary Gel Suspension technology
makes possible single serving packets of Gelceuticals. In this delivery format,
your body can immediately start receiving the benefits of the product components
as the absorption of vitamins, minerals and nutrients is maximized. Never before
has such a convenient method been available for consuming nutritional products.
Consider these convenience factors: No water needed (as with tablets or
capsules) Exotic juice benefits without the big bottle (no glass and water
weight) Single serving packages (imagine the sampling capabilities) Perfect for
those with difficulty swallowing tablets or capsules Faster, more efficient,
delivery to the body Learn More Revolutionary Compensation Agel has created a
new compensation structure that is truly revolutionary. It is our belief that
this compensation plan will produce some of the largest checks in network
marketing history. The plan can't be described as a binary, a breakaway, a
unilevel, or a forced matrix. It is a revolutionary hybrid. What is long term
viability? It is not just company longevity. If you used to make $100k and now
only make $30k, this is not long term viability. Ten years later your check
should still be the same or greater, fulfilling the promise of long-term
residual income. The Agel compensation plan includes the principles that ensure
that promise can be fulfilled for those who work at it. Are you unsure of Agel?
Take time to discover the unlimited possibilities with Agel! The call will
feature a host of other field leaders, and our founder and CEO, Glen Jensen.
This call will smoke! You will discover: · How to Create the Security of
Residual Income; · Why Agel is the Best Vehicle to Live Your Dreams; · The
Amazing Scientific Breakthrough Behind the Products; · How the "Quadra-Plan"
Builds Bigger Bonus Checks Faster; · The Support System in Place to Help You
Build Stronger; and · The Secret to Lock in a "Legacy" Position! Here are the
numbers to call: 620-294-4000 or 620-294-3000 The Passcode to participate
is:5107 DATE: Tuesday, November 22, 2005 TIME: 8:00 PM Eastern Standard Time
LOCATION: Conference Call 5:00 PT ** 6:00 MT ** 7:00 CT ** 8:00 ET I'll see you
there! Steve Fillmore 612-205-9814 620-294-1909 

Email: "Dharmadeva"<dharmad...@gmail.com> Namaskar Hi All! We now present the
kaoshikii dance, which is excellent before and after yoga postures. I encourage
you to do this dance, as it has tremendous positive effects. It is a dance for
both males and females. Dharma -- Kaoshikii is a dance which was invented in
1978 by Shrii Shrii A'nandamu'rti. It is a psycho-spiritual exercise and
benefiting the mind by developing stamina and strength. Kaoshikii is especially
good for women. It can ward off and cure a number of diseases, keeps the body
youthful and enables an easy delivery in childbirth. Kaoshikii comes from the
Sanskrit word 'kosa' meaning shell or layer of mind. The self of the individual
lies hidden in the innermost layers of existence (kosas). Thus kaoshikii is a
blossoming of the microcosm (unit being) in its attempt to attain a link with
the Macrocosm (Cosmic Consciousness). This attempt is normally referred to as
mysticism. -- The Benefits Exercises all the glands and limbs from head to toes.
Increases longevity. Makes for easy delivery at childbirth. The spine will
become flexible. Arthritis of the spine, neck, waist and other joints will be
removed. Gout in the spine, neck, hands and waist will be lost. The mind becomes
strong and sharp. Irregularities in menstruation will be cured. Glandular
secretions will become regulated. Troubles in the bladder and urethra will be
cured. Gives control over the limbs. Adds charm and shine to the face and skin.
Removes wrinkles. Removes lethargy. Cures insomnia. Cures hysteria. Fear
complexes will be removed. Hopelessness will be lost. Helps in self-expression
and develops one's potentiality. Spinal pain, piles, hernia, hydrocele in men,
nervous pain, nervous disability will be cured. Cures kidney and gall bladder
troubles, gastric trouble, dyspepsia, acidity, dysentery, obesity and liver
diseases. Increases the capacity to work until 75-80 years of age. -- The Dance
The eighteen steps of the dance are done rhythmically. First the dancer begins
in the starting position: the hands together and raised over the head. Then to
the beat of "dhin, dhin,... ,ta', ta'", the dancers begin their step, placing
the big toe behind the heel of the other foot. In the final two steps, the
dancers firmly stamp their feet on the ground. Kaoshikii can be danced for as
many rounds as you like. -- The Ideation When the dancers start the step with
the beat of "dhin, dhin...", the mental ideation should also be kept. Here is
the ideation. The two hands when upraised and folded together represent: "Now I
am trying to establish a link with Parama Purus'a (Supreme Consciousness)."
Bending to the right indicates: "I know the right way to request You." Bending
to the left indicates: "I know how to fulfil Your demands." Bending forward
suggests: "I completely surrender to You." Bending backward represents: "I am
ready to face all obstacles that may come." The last two steps represent: "O
Lord I repeat Your cosmic rhythm." 

Quebecker wins U.S. bravery award Pittsburgh - A Quebec man was awarded a
Carnegie Medal for bravery on Monday for saving two friends by fighting off a
polar bear with a pocket knife two years ago on Baffin Island Dr. Eric Fortier,
34, of Gatineau, Que., used a pocket knife to attack a polar bear on Baffin
Island, just south of the Arctic Circle, to save two friends who were being
mauled. "All of the research and all of the preparation I did leading up to the
trip gave no indication that there were bears in the Soper [River] valley where
we were canoeing," Dr. Fortier said. Dr. Fortier, an orthodontist, learned there
was at least one polar bear in the central region of Baffin Island in July 2001
when he felt what he thought was a dog leaning on his tent wall. "My first
thought was to push it away," he said. "A few seconds later my girlfriend saw
the shadow of a bear's paw through the tent fly and then it started ripping
through the ceiling." The polar bear is more dangerous than most other bears.
The latter usually consider human beings a threat but the polar bear considers
humans a snack, experts said. The two screamed to frighten the bear and warn
their friends in a tent several metres away but the bear ripped into that tent
and began mauling 31-year-old Alain Parenteau. "Their screams changed," Dr.
Fortier said. "I grabbed my glasses and my knife and unzipped my tent and headed
out." The bear dwarfed the 6-foot-1 Mr. Parenteau, knocking him to the ground,
he said. Dr. Fortier threw a large rock at the bear, distracting it and allowing
Parenteau to escape but it then turned on 25-year-old Patricia Doyon, who was in
the same tent. Again Dr. Fortier threw rocks at the bear and again its target
was able to escape. "The bear gave chase and I gave chase," he said. "At some
point, Patricia tripped or the bear tripped her and was at her back. I was
beside the bear's head and I stabbed it with an upper cut below the jaw in the
neck a couple of times." The bear ran off. While there was some fur and blood on
the nine-centimetre blade, Dr. Fortier said he doesn't think he hurt the bear
badly. Both Mr. Parenteau and Ms. Doyon, however, were bleeding badly. Dr.
Fortier and his girlfriend lashed two canoes together and paddled eight
kilometres along the Soper River. Dr. Fortier travelled another three kilometres
by foot to seek help in the nearest settlement. Both Mr. Parenteau and Ms. Doyon
were airlifted to a hospital and survived, though Mr. Parenteau had a gash
within a centimetre of his jugular, Dr. Fortier said. Dr. Fortier was one of 15
people to receive the Carnegie Medal on Monday. The bronze medal is given to
people who "risk their lives to an extraordinary degree while saving or
attempting to save the lives of others." The other Canadian recipient of the
medal was Ronald Joseph Crawford, 42, of Hamilton, who was killed Aug. 4, 2002,
while trying to defend a Hamilton sandwich shop owner from a robber wielding a
knife. Mr. Crawford threw several punches at the assailant before he was stabbed
in the heart. U.S. industrialist Andrew Carnegie started a hero fund in 1904
after being inspired by rescue stories from a mine disaster that killed 181
people. The award comes with a $3,500 (U.S.) grant. 

Important information of big companies Apple Computers It was the favorite fruit
of founder Steve Jobs. He was three months late in filing a name for the
business, and he threatened to call his company Apple Computers if the other
colleagues didn't suggest a better name by 5 O'clock. CISCO It is not an acronym
as popularly believed. It is short for San Francisco. Compaq This name was
formed by using COMp, for computer, and PAQ to denote a small integral object.
Corel The name was derived from the founder's name Dr.Michael Cowpland. It
stands for COwpland REsearch Laboratory. Google The name started as a joke
boasting about the amount of information the search-engine would be able to
search. It was originally named 'Googol', a word for the number represented by 1
followed by 100 zeros. After founders - Stanford graduate students Sergey Brin
and Larry Page presented their project to an angel investor, they received a
cheque made out to 'Google' Hotmail Founder Jack Smith got the idea of accessing
e-mail via the web from a computer anywhere in the world. When Sabeer Bhatia
came up with the business plan for the mail service, he tried all kinds of names
ending in 'mail' and finally settled for hotmail as it included the letters
"html" - the programming language used to write web pages. It was initially
referred to as HoTMaiL with selective uppercasing. Hewlett Packard Bill Hewlett
and Dave Packard tossed a coin to decidewhether the company they founded would
be called Hewlett-Packard or Packard-Hewlett. Intel Bob Noyce and Gordon Moore
wanted to name their new company 'Moore Noyce' but that was already trademarked
by a hotel chain so they had to settle for an acronym of INTegrated ELectronics.
Lotus (Notes) Mitch Kapor got the name for his company from 'The Lotus Position'
or 'Padmasana'. Kapor used to be a teacher of Transcendental Meditation of
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi. Microsoft Coined by Bill Gates to represent the company
that was devoted to MICROcomputer SOFTware. Originally christened Micro-Soft,
the '-' was removed later on. Motorola Founder Paul Galvin came up with this
name when his company started manufacturing radios for cars. The popular radio
company at the time was called Victrola. ORACLE Larry Ellison and Bob Oats were
working on a consulting project for the CIA (Central Intelligence Agency). The
code name for the project was called Oracle (the CIA saw this as the system to
give answers to all questions or something such). The project was designed to
help use the newly written SQL code by IBM. The project eventually was
terminated but Larry and Bob decided to finish what they started and bring it to
the world. They kept the name Oracle and created the RDBMS engine. Later they
kept the same name for the company. Sony It originated from the Latin word
'sonus' meaning sound, and 'sonny' a slang used by Americans to refer to a
bright youngster. SUN Founded by 4 Stanford University buddies, SUN is the
acronym for Stanford University Network. Andreas Bechtolsheim built a
microcomputer; Vinod Khosla recruited him and Scott McNealy to manufacture
computers based on it, and Bill Joy to develop a UNIX-based OS for the computer.
Yahoo! The word was invented by Jonathan Swift and used in his book 'Gulliver's
Travels'. It represents a person who is repulsive in appearance and action and
is barely human. Yahoo! Founders Jerry Yang and DavidFilo selected the name
because they considered themselves yahoos... I am on Yahoo ! Email :
mayur...@yahoo.com SMS : +919819602175 Web : 

Hi all, There are already several forums around the net focused on discussing
Guild Wars, so why create a new one? I say why not? The main reason is Google is
more accessible to the global community and you can rest assured that it's not
going to go away. I have seen great fan sites suddenly disappear without notice
and for no reason. Usually this happens because the developer of the site can no
longer afford the cost of bandwidth being used. That said, the maintenance of
this forum is handled by Google and thus will remain reliable and it will
ultimately give us more time to play :). I'm nothing more than a devoted fan of
the game myself and I hope that this area can become a haven for deep fan
discussions. Regards, Humanpixel Aye! Good Day Mate! Im really looking forward
to Guild Wars. Anyone know a release date? Feb 2005 Feb 2005 is the projected
release date, although Guild Wars is made by ex-members of Blizzard, so Feb 2005
could mean August 2006... Anyway, I tried to get a preorder but no places were
selling it so I missed out on 2/3 weekend events. Oh well, I'll get it when it
comes out in Febuary. rumor has feb 05 on the calender. BUT they stated that
they will take as long as it takes to work out all the bugs so who really know
how long. as far as pre order go to and they have a list of major retailers that
carry it there are also a few websites that you could order it off of. and a
good reason for starting this group....company firewalls lol ;) I was kind of
curious, what exactly is Guild Wars? I havn't heard of it. Check out the Guild
Wars Web site at for more info about the game. It's a massive multiplayer role
playing game. The graphics are without a doubt the amoung the best graphics I
have ever seen for any game and I have been gaming since the MUD days. It's
worth a look. I have a preorder and am even considering getting a second
preorder to have multiple accounts. I have participated in all the weekend beta
events and the world preview. The game is already 100% functional. I can't
imagine them not being able to meet the Feb 05 deadline. Warm greetings to all
in this GW community. I am Lady Kingel and I hail from the United Legit Gaming
Guilds of Guild Wars. We are a consortium of legit honorable guilds that was
established in 1997 for DI and we are now adding GW to the list of games played.
The alliance is a pretty straightforward one. It was formed to allow many
different guilds who were all strictly honorable to come together as a family
and allow them many people to game with. There are no other requirements other
than we ask that members greet each new member and each new alliance and also
feel free to post in any of the forums. We are also a group who is looking for
members for our own select guild called ULGG of GW...which is a part of the
alliance with the same name. We play in all aspects of the game and we hand pick
our members. I would like to personally invite each of you to visit our website.
You are individuals of quality, and in our alliance we seek quality of member
over quantity of member. You will be asked to register, and then you should
wander over to the Announce Your Arrival Section and present yourself. You will
be greeted by many members of this wonderful family. I do hope to see you
visiting us at the fire and we shall prepare a feast for you, as well. If you
paste this in your browser, it will take you directly to our GW website. I
extend my hand to each of you in true friendship, and honor. Come and say
hello...you will be warmly welcomed! We are currently moving to a new server, so
we will be down for a while. I will inform when we are up and running again. I
wish all happy holidays, and moreso, peace on earth. Kingel 

Dear Judges, Lawyers, Policemen, Guards, Counselors, Taxpayers, et. al., We are
here. Like it or not, for good or bad, we are here. Who are we? We are the
downtrodden and dispossesed, the self-torturing, the disenfranchised convicts,
drug and alcohol addicts, the unemployed and unemployable. We are the children
of poverty, financial and spiritual. We have and will have children of our own,
grandchildren too. We are ex-cons, uninsured, homeless, of many colors and
speaking many tongues. We are the enemy in what has become a domestic war
against ourselves. And who are you? You who like the tough talk of Tough on
Crime? You who watch as budgets are cut in education and health care while you
militarize a police force? Bullet-proof vests, automatic weapons, helicopters,
tanks, robots ... the testosterone is oozing through the streets, more prisons,
longer sentences, tighten the belt, spartan conditions, task forces, gang units,
gun courts. And what is there to show for it? Unemployent stays low because half
the population oversees those "out of the workforce", the dregs, the rabble, the
enemy? Please tell me there is a deeper reason. Do you feel safer? More humane?
More like a cohesive society with a shared sense of purpose, who can identify Us
and Them? Do you live in a gated community or gentrified neighborhood? By the
way, have you read the Declaration of Independence and US Constitution - or do
you only know the first phrases? It's about time we got together. Please know
that I have yet to meet a convict who wants their child to be a thief, an
addict, a dealer, a prostitute, or a violent individual. Most of us still have
hope for ourselves even when stuck in the darkest dilemmas, ruts and catch-22s.
Most of us believe in crafting laws and instilling order. Many of us have
burrowed beneath the surface to find a spiritual sense of being, an
understanding force at least as powerful as those we succumbed to, and many of
use wouldn't escape if you opened the front door. Did you know that
approximately 10 million Americans are either incarcerated, on probation, on
parole or once were in those categories? Each of those 10 million have families,
friends, neighbors ... and so closer and closer does the We interface with the
You. Don't you think it's time we talked? Are you ready? Can you accept that the
road we are travelling points toward a grim and painful future? Do you have the
heart to face monumental failures while bravely struggling beyond where we are
now? I know that some of you are, and that some of us are, and this is what
gives me hope. You need our insights just as we need your structure. It is never
over, especially when a real solution, a real treatment for our sickness, is yet
to begin. In Solidarity, Bruce Reilly (a.k.a Bruha) P.O.Box 8274 Cranston, RI
02920 USA P.S. - I am trying to conceptualize an effective guerilla media
campaign to promote this cause. Ideas are welcome. Collaboration is prayed. an
annotated text of the bill, read the article by D. Singmaster in "The
Mathematical Intelligencer" v7 #2, pp 69-72.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
----- Subject: Where can I get the necessary software to get a "smart" mail
system running on my machine that will take advantage of the postings in
comp.mail.maps? (E.g., pathalias, smail, etc.) There are a couple of packages
available through the supporters of the comp.sources.unix archives. If sites
next to you don't have what you want, contact your nearest comp.sources.unix
archive, or the moderator. Information on archive sites, and indices of
comp.sources.unix back issues are posted regularly in comp.sources.unix and
comp.sources.d.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
----- Subject: What is "food for the NSA line-eater"? This refers to the alleged
scanning of all Usenet traffic by the National Security Agency (and possibly
other intelligence organizations) for interesting keywords. The "food" is
believed to contain some of those 

Email: "Peanutjake"<peanutjak...@usa.com> Groups: misc.consumers Subject:
IMMEDIATE ATTENTION NEEDED: HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL URGENT ASSISTANCE - FROM USA
FROM: GEORGE WALKER BUSH 202.456.1414 / 202.456.1111 FAX: 202.456.2461 Dear Sir
/ Madam, I am GEORGE WALKER BUSH, son of the former president of the United
States of America George Herbert Walker Bush, and currently serving as President
of the United States of America. This letter might surprise you because we have
not met neither in person nor by correspondence. I came to know of you in my
search for a reliable and reputable person to handle a very confidential
business transaction, which involves the transfer of a huge sum of money to an
account requiring maximum confidence. I am writing you in absolute confidence
primarily to seek your assistance in acquiring oil funds that are presently
trapped in the republic of Iraq. My partners and I solicit your assistance in
completing a transaction begun by my father, who has long been actively engaged
in the extraction of petroleum in the United States of America, and bravely
served his country as director of the United States Central Intelligence Agency.
In the decade of the nineteen-eighties, my father, then vice-president of the
United States of America, sought to work with the good offices of the President
of the Republic of Iraq to regain lost oil revenue sources in the neighboring
Islamic republic of Iran. This unsuccessful venture was soon followed by a
falling-out with his Iraqi partner, who sought to acquire additional oil revenue
sources in the neighboring emirate of Kuwait, a wholly-owned U.S.-British
subsidiary. My father re-secured the petroleum assets of Kuwait in 1991 at a
cost of sixty-one billion U.S. dollars ($61,000,000,000). Out of that cost,
thirty-six billion dollars ($36,000,000,000) were supplied by King Hussein,
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and other Persian Gulf monarchies, and sixteen billion
dollars ($16,000,000,000) by German and Japanese partners. But my father's
former Iraqi business partner remained in control of the republic of Iraq and
its petroleum reserves. My family is calling for your urgent assistance in
funding the removal of the President of the Republic of Iraq and acquiring the
petroleum assets of his country, as compensation for the costs of removing him
from power. Unfortunately, our partners from 1991 are not willing to shoulder
the burden of this new venture, which in its upcoming phase may cost the sum of
100 billion to 200 billion dollars ($100,000,000,000 - $200,000,000,000), both
in the initial acquisition and in long-term management. Without the funds from
our 1991 partners, we would not be able to acquire the oil revenue trapped
within Iraq. That is why my family and our colleagues are urgently seeking your
gracious assistance. Our distinguished colleagues in this business transaction
include the sitting vice-president of the United States of America, Richard
Cheney, who is an original partner in the Iraq venture and former head of the
Halliburton oil company, and Condoleeza Rice, whose professional dedication to
the venture was demonstrated in the naming of a Chevron oil tanker after her. I
would beseech you to transfer a sum equaling ten to twenty-five percent(10-25 %)
of your yearly income to our account to aid in this important venture. The
Internal Revenue Service of the United States of America will function as our
trusted intermediary. I propose that you make this transfer before the fifteenth
(15th) of the month of April. I know that a transaction of this magnitude would
make anyone apprehensive and worried. But I am assuring you that all will be
well at the end of the day. A bold step taken shall not be regretted, I assure
you. Please do be informed that this business transaction is 100% legal. If you
do not wish to co-operate in this transaction, please contact our intermediary
representatives to further discuss the matter. I pray that you understand our
plight. My family and our colleagues will be forever grateful. Please reply in
strict confidence to the contact numbers below. Sincerely with warm regards,
George Walker Bush Switchboard: 202.456.1414 Comments: 202.456.1111 Fax:
202.456.2461 e-mail: presid...@whitehouse.gov 

US battles to save storm victims Watch the airlift Emergency teams in the
southern US are battling to reach survivors of Hurricane Katrina, the most
destructive storm to hit the country in decades. Hundreds of people are feared
dead in Mississippi, and the Louisiana city of New Orleans is badly flooded. The
city mayor said rescuers were unable to retrieve the dead. "They're just pushing
them aside," he said. Amid worsening conditions, officials plan to evacuate a
New Orleans stadium where up to 20,000 people took shelter. The Superdome
stadium is without power, and toilets are overflowing. Map of central New
Orleans "It's a very, very desperate situation," Louisiana Governor Kathleen
Blanco said. [an error occurred while processing this directive] One resident of
New Orleans said escaping from the storm was "hell". "We were screaming,
hollering, flashing lights. It was complete chaos," Kioka Williams told the
Associated Press news agency. She had to hack her way through the ceiling of her
beauty shop as flood waters rose in the city of half a million people - much of
which lies below sea level. Flooding Walls keeping water out of the bowl-shaped
city have been breached, and emergency teams are using helicopters to drop
1,350kg (3,000lb) sandbags and concrete barriers into the gaps. Before the
phones went, I was told [my family in Biloxi] had lost their roof, barn, 2 oak
trees and many pines and they were letting in water Natalie McVeigh Oakley,
England Your Katrina experiences Blogging Katrina New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin
said up to 80% of the city was submerged, in some cases by waters 6m (20ft)
deep. He warned water levels could still rise. "Some sections of the city which
are dry now could see nine or 10 feet (some 3m) of water," he said. The US Army
Corps of Engineers says it could take a month to clear the flood waters, and the
government's disaster relief agency has urged evacuees not to try to get back to
their homes. The BBC's Alastair Leithead in New Orleans says there is panic as
vital supplies run out. Heavily armed police have been trying to impose a form
of martial law to stem outbreaks of looting. While some looters are stealing
non-essential goods, others are simply trying to find food and water. 'Hundreds
dead' The situation appears to be even worse in Mississippi. "You're going to be
looking at hundreds dead along the coast," a state official said. [an error
occurred while processing this directive] Casinos housed in barges have been
hurled onto the beach and beyond. Tens of thousands are homeless, and officials
say it could be weeks before power is restored. "I can only imagine that this is
what Hiroshima looked like 60 years ago," said Mississippi Governor Haley
Barbour after viewing the destruction from the air. Survivors are being found
all the time, including two children who lost their parents. Harrison County in
Mississippi bore the brunt of Hurricane Katrina as it slammed into Biloxi and
Gulfport before heading inland. Mississippi media earlier reported 54 people
killed in the state. In Biloxi, 30 people were reported dead in one block of
flats which was hit by a 9m (30ft) "storm surge". The town's death toll may be
"in the hundreds", municipal spokesman Vincent Creel said. Mobilising
Louisiana's Governor Blanco urged residents to spend Wednesday in prayer and
assured them the crisis would eventually be overcome. Follow Katrina's path The
US Red Cross has mobilised thousands of volunteers for its biggest-ever natural
disaster effort and federal emergency teams are being dispatched to affected
areas. President George W Bush, who has cut his holiday two days short, has
called on Americans to donate to the Red Cross or other organisations. Damage
estimates of more than $25bn suggest it could be the US insurance industry's
most expensive natural disaster ever. The price of crude oil on the
international market hit a record $70.85 a barrel due to the vulnerability of
oil and gas fields in the Gulf of Mexico. The US energy secretary has announced
that oil will be released from government petroleum reserves. Return to the top

MOON LANDING HOAX: CHURCH = TECHNOLOGY & GOVERNMENT - Shuttle Carried on
Aircraft model Q: NASA IS A WASTE! ( Answered, 2 Comments ) Question Subject:
NASA IS A WASTE! Category: Science > Astronomy Asked by: yheggy-ga List Price:
$2.00 Posted: 25 Oct 2004 18:32 PDT Expires: 24 Nov 2004 17:32 PST Question ID:
420072 How much money does the USA give NASA per year? Answer Subject: Re: NASA
IS A WASTE! Answered By: googlenut-ga on 25 Oct 2004 19:14 PDT Hello yheggy-ga,
On September 21, 2004, the U.S. Senate Appropriations Committee approved $16.379
billion in funding for NASA for fiscal year 2005. This is a $200 million
increase over what NASA received for fiscal year 2004. U.S. Senate Committee on
Appropriations Press Release September 21, 2004 "National Aeronautics and Space
Administration (NASA): is funded at $16.379 billion, an increase of $200 million
over the FY04 enacted level, and a reduction of $665 million from the budget
request. An additional $800 million in emergency funding was added for NASA
during the Committee's consideration of the bill. -- The return to flight
activities for the Shuttle program are funded at $4.319 billion, the requested
level from the Administration. -- The International Space Station is funded at
$1.6 billion. The bill reduces ISS operations by $120 million due to the
continued reduced capability of the ISS for at least half of FY05. -- The
Moon/Mars vision: --- The Crew Exploration Vehicle (CEV) is funded at $268
million. --- A lunar exploration mission is funded at $20 million. --- $10
million is provided for Centennial Challenges. Neighborhood Reinvestment
Corporation (NRC): is funded at $115 million, the same as FY04 and the budget
request." Spacetoday.net Senate increases NASA funding "The Senate
Appropriations Committee used a somewhat controversial technique Tuesday to
increase NASA's fiscal year 2005 budget by $200 million over what President Bush
requested. The committee voted to give NASA $16.4 billion in 2005, about $200
million more than what the President requested and over $1 billion more than
what House appropriators approved in July." I hope you have found this
information helpful. If you have any questions, please request clarification
prior to rating the answer. Googlenut Google Search Terms: nasa funding Comments
Log in to add a comment Subject: Re: NASA IS A WASTE! From: saem_aero-ga on 26
Oct 2004 18:11 PDT Excellent answer googlenut. Let me add some additional info.
You can get details about NASA spending here, from their own webpage. Also, from
their own webpage, reasons why NASA is important, in a 5th grade format. I guess
if you are someone not familiar with how NASA benefits our society I can see how
one might form the opinion of yheggy-ga. Let me put it this way - If you have
watched TV recently, crossed a modern bridge, flown in an airplane, recieved any
form of modern medicine, did any mathematics, drove a car, used a cellular
phone, etc. then you have somehow directly reaped the rewards which NASA has
returned to us. Also NASA has a large outreach program for education, some
people believe this is important. Best, Steve. Subject: Re: NASA IS A WASTE!
From: jaqamofino-ga on 26 Apr 2005 06:02 PDT i believe that NASA is a HUGE waste
of tax payers' money, but there are so many huge wastes of tax payer monies,
that i find it best not to think about it. i also think the National Endowment
for the Arts is a waste, but i guess i would rather see my money go to the NEA
than NASA. of course, in a perfect world, tax payers' money would go toward some
sort of national healthcare program, and housing for the homeless, but this is
far from a perfect world. in response to Steve's comment: do you really believe
that spending trillions on space exploration over the years was the ONLY way to
invent the cellfone? and bridges??? i find that extremely hard to believe. i
think it could have been done in a much more cost efficient way, right here on
bad-old-planet-earth. just my two cents. thanks for listening. 

Please take a moment to read this. I realize that it may sound strange, but we
are desparate in our efforts and are willing to try anything to help our dear
sick friend. This costs absolutely nothing, and will take about one minute of
your time. This is not a hoax, as so many of these emails actully are. In quick
summary, Beyond Control, a local band in our area, is sponoring a benefit for a
cancer victim whose benefits have run out. That band is involved in a local
competition which promises a $5000 first prize, which they would like to win in
order to donate it to the benefit fund which they have started. Below are some
emails to friends explaining a little more about this effort. What we are trying
to do is solicit votes for the band, in order to put them in first place. They
are currently in third place, and need your help so that the prize money can be
used for a humanatarian cause. You can vote at the following link, it will only
take a few seconds. Please take a moment to click on the link below and cast
your vote for Beyond Control. Thank you in advance for your contribution to this
effort. Also, please pass this along to everyone you know, and all of your email
contacts. We need the power of the internet to pull this off. The web site is
You can check the validity of all of this at the Beyond Control website. That
address is . The home page for Rockin on the River is , and it lists all the
acts scheduled for the season. You can check that out as well, to confirm that
this is all real, and for a worthy cause. Abby is our beloved friend, and we are
trying to raise money for her any way we can, so this prize money is important
to help her continue to receive her life-saving treatments. Many thanks, and may
God bless you all and keep you healthy. Here are some emails we have sent, along
with the flyer for the Benefit fund raiser we are holding in June, just for your
information. Roy, I am sending you some info that I have passed along regarding
the effort to win the cash for the fund raising benefit. If you can pass this
info along, and ask everyone you know to forward it to their contacts, etc, we
may have a shot at pulling this off. Thanks, Fred John, I will attach the letter
explaining the benefit we are sponsoring. There is a link to the contest page.
Any help in distributing this will be greatly appreciated. It is certainly for a
good cause. Abby needs to fly to New York twice a month for these treatments,
and her time on the Federal Grant program has expired. She doesn't have the
funds to continue without the grant, and without these treatments, her prognosis
is grim. I hope you have a huge network. Also encourage your recipients to
forward this along to their contacts, and so on, so that the movement to help
her grows exponentially. We must finish in first place in order to contribute
the $5000 to the benefit fund. Thank you so much for caring enough to offer your
help. Fred BENEFIT AUCTION & RAFFLE FOR ABBY FREEMAN WHEN: JUNE 12, 2005, 2:00
P.M. TO 2:00 A.M. WHERE: MAIN STREET SALOON ADMISSION: DONATIONS AT THE DOOR
Abby Freeman is our good friend who has non-Hodgkin lymphoma, and she needs your
help! Her grant for the life saving treatments she needs has run out, and we
need to help her to continue to receive these treatments. Abby has three
wonderful young children, and friends who love her and need her. Please help us
to help her win this fight. With your help, we know she can do it!! We'll have
four bands, and Big D is cookin' ..... lots of fun and great prizes. This is an
event you don't want to miss!! Bands, food, and prizes are sponsored by Beyond
Control, who will be competing in the Band of the Year Contest at the River
Front Festival in Cuyahoga Falls on July 1. The winner of this competition will
receive $5000, which Beyond Control hopes to win in order to donate it to the
Abby Freeman fund. Please help us by logging onto the Rockin on the River
website at . Cast a vote for Beyond Control, and help us provide Abby with her
life saving treatments again. Donations can also be made through Charter One
Bank. Make checks payable to Kendel Bunnell c/o Benefit for Abby Freeman 

By Richard Spencer (Filed: 19/11/2004) China's insatiable demand for energy is
prompting fears of financial and diplomatic collisions around the globe as it
seeks reliable supplies of oil from as far away as Brazil and Sudan. An
intrusion into Japanese territorial waters by a Chinese nuclear submarine last
week and a trade deal with Brazil are the latest apparently unconnected
consequences of China's soaring economic growth. Increased car usage in China is
creating a high demand for petrol The connection, however, lies in an order
issued last year by President Hu Jintao to seek secure oil supplies abroad -
preferably ones which could not be stopped by America in case of conflict over
Taiwan. The submarine incident was put down to a "technical error" by the
Chinese government, which apologised to Japan. But even before the incident the
People's Daily, the government mouthpiece, had commented that competition over
the East China Sea between the two countries was "only a prelude of the game
between China and Japan in the arena of international energy". The Brazil trade
deal included funding for a joint oil-drilling and pipeline programme at a cost
that experts said would add up to three times the cost of simply buying oil on
the market. The West, however, has paid little attention to these developments.
For the United States and Europe are far more concerned with the even more
sensitive issues of China's relations with "pariah states". In September, China
threatened to veto any move to impose sanctions on Sudan over the atrocities in
Darfur. It has invested $3 billion in the African country's oil industry, which
supplies it with seven per cent of its needs. Then, this month, it said that it
opposed moves to refer Iran's nuclear stand-off with the International Atomic
Energy Agency to the United Nations Security Council. A week before, China's
second biggest state oil firm had signed a $70 billion deal for oilfield and
natural gas development with Iran, which already supplies 13 per cent of China's
needs. China has its own reserves of oil and natural gas and once was a net oil
exporter. But as its economy has expanded by an average of nine per cent per
year for the last two decades, so has its demand for energy. This year it
overtook Japan as the world's second largest consumer of energy, behind the US.
Its projected demand, boosted by a huge rise in car ownership as well as the
need to find alternatives to polluting coal for electricity generation, has
contributed to the surge in the price of oil this year. Shortages are already
leading to power cuts in the big cities. Since President Hu ordered state-owned
oil firms to "go abroad" to ensure supply, they have begun drilling for gas in
the East China Sea, just west of the line that Japan regards as its border.
Japan protested, to no avail, that the project should be a joint one. The two
are also set to clash over Russia's oil wealth. China is furious that Japan has
outbid it in their battle to determine the route of the pipeline that Russia
intends to build to the Far East. Japan favoured a route to the sea, enabling
oil to be shipped to both Japan and China. China wanted an overland route
through its own territory, which would give it ultimate control if hostilities
broke out. Increasingly, analysts are saying that China's efforts have gone
beyond what is safe or even in its own interests. Claude Mandil, the executive
director of the International Energy Agency in Paris, said the reserves in the
East China Sea were hardly worth the trouble. "Nobody thinks that there will be
a lot of oil and gas in this part of the world," he said. "It may be a difficult
political issue but I don't think the energy content is worthwhile." Eurasia
Group, a New York-based firm of political analysts, said its oil experts worked
out that China was paying such an inflated price for its investment in Brazil
that the cost for the oil it ended up with was three times the market price. "If
China's economy falters, which, in my view, appears increasingly likely, then
commodity prices will plummet, and with them, the value of the assets that
produce them," Jason Kindopp, Eurasia's lead China analyst, said. "Beijing may
end up in a early 1990s Japan situation, where it is forced to sell recently
purchased overseas assets for a fraction of what it paid for them." China's
wider aggression to secure oil and gas was the greatest threat to its
international standing in the next decade. "Sudan is the primary example," he
said. "It marks the first time in recent years that China has promised to wield
its veto power in the UN Security Council against a petition initiated by the
United States and backed by France and Great Britain." 

Email: dharmad...@gmail.com Visualizations as a helpful beginning technique
----------------------------------------------- If you consider that you still
need the assistance of other visualizations to help the mind feel the spirit of
transcendence, try the following before moving onto the more formal method
below. Visualisations can be as useful tools, but meditation is more than that.
Meditation has to do with what is called ideation. It is always good to stick to
a formal intense meditation practice like the one for beginners described in the
MP3 file that follows after the visualisations. Find a comfortable place on the
floor and sit with your legs crossed. Place your hands one on top of the other
in your lap, keep your back straight, eyes closed and tongue on the roof of your
mouth. Your breathing should be calm and relaxed, through the nose. Spend a
minute or so concentrating on your breath, feeling the air flowing through your
nostrils. 1. Warm Sun Visualization Continue to breathe slowly and deeply. With
each breath, feel the muscles in your body becoming lighter and lighter, and
also your external motor and sensory organs are feeling like they are
withdrawing from the world into a special inner quietness. Imagine the tension
melting away as you continue breathing rhythmically and naturally. Picture
yourself sitting on a warm, tropical beach basking in the glow of the sun ... .
Visualize the vivid, beautiful colours of the earth (its flowers and plants),
the sea next to you, and the sky above you. Feel yourself floating above the
earth and sea. As you sit above the world, the warmth of the golden sun
penetrates your body and makes you feel warmer and warmer. It surrounds you. The
golden rays feel soft and soothing. Now you are far above the earth - into
space. Everything around you is so vast. Yet, there is warmth and a familiarity
with the vastness. You want to merge your mind with the greater universal Mind
that surrounds you. Continue to ideate on this intense desire for your mind to
merge with the that universal Consciousness. And while doing so continue using
the Baba Nam Kevalam mantra (breathe in with Baba Nam, breathe out with
Kevalam). Try this for 5 to 10 minutes. Now come back to earth again - slowly.
Imagine yourself sitting on the beach serenely and restfully. Your muscles are
loose and limp. Feel your body sinking slightly into the sand making that
earthly connection again. The sun's rays and warmth are still with you,
surrounding you. You are in a state of peace and relaxation. With each breath,
watch your body and ensure that it remains relaxed - at peace. Continue to feel
the warmth of the sunlight all over your body, warming you deeply and gently.
You want to bring something back with you from your deep space experience where
you sensed your mind merging with the universal Mind. This will be the warmth of
the sun - a close reminder and link between earth and the infinite space.
Visualize the inside of your body bathed in the golden light, absorbing every
ray and glowing as radiantly as the sun. A warm, gentle breeze swirls around
your body and relaxes you even more .Let your mind and body be totally at peace.
Now feel yourself returning to where you sit ... move your hands and feet a
little, stretch them. Open your eyes. 2. Mountain Visualization Another thing
you can try. Imagine you're sitting on top of a mountain, and that it's the most
peaceful place you can think of. Feel that you're sitting there in complete
peace, right on top of the world. Now imagine that infinite happiness is
surrounding you in every direction. Feel you're completely surrounded by that
infinite peace and happiness. Now start to repeat within your mind the mantra:
BABA NAM KEVALAM. Its meaning is "Infinite happiness is everywhere". Feel the
meaning, don't just think of its wordy meaning or try to translate from Sanskrit
(BABA NAM KEVALAM) to an English meaning (Infinite peace and happiness). Think
internally, intuitively, not by words, of the meaning, as you're repeating it.
This is called ideation. It is important to take the idea, not just the
intellectual analysis. Touching deep into the idea is what builds intuition - it
is a synthetic process. Whereas, trying to translate and grapple with wordy
meanings is an intellectual mechanism - an analytical process. Feel you're
surrounded by infinite peace and happiness, and feel that your own sense of
existence is in direct contact with that endless peace and happiness all around
you. You can go further and feel that your unit consciousness, a dot in the
Infinite Consciousness, is merging with Infinity. Continue for as long as you
like, then open your eyes. OK that is fairly basic :). The important point is to
develop some psycho-spiritual connection between your mind and the universal
Consciousness or Supreme Consciousness. Don't worry if you have trouble
concentrating on the mantra and ideation - that's normal. It takes some time and
practice to be able to focus on the one thought. The main thing is to keep
practicing. If you don't practice, then nothing happens. Well maybe a miracle
could happen, but lets face it we're ordinary people and so require practical
day to day techniques! --- 

NORTH CAROLINA RELIGIOUS COALITION FOR MARRIAGE EQUALITY From what we hear from
the news media, one could easily conclude that all Christians are opposed to gay
marriage. But that’s not the case. Last year an organization named the North
Carolina Religious Coalition for Marriage Equality was formed to get out the
message that at least some people of faith are not opposed to extending the
rights and responsibilities of civil marriage to same-gender couples. One of
“NCRC4ME’s” major efforts is to collect signatures for the attached “Declaration
of Religious Leaders,” which has been and will again be presented to members of
the NC legislature. It presents the case for marriage equality and states, “We
are resolved that the State should not interfere with same-gender couples who
choose to marry and share fully and equally in the rights, responsibilities, and
commitments of civil marriage.” A measure to amend the NC Constitution to ban
gay marriage was defeated last year but already has been reintroduced in the
2005 legislative session, so there is a real need for visible support for the
“pro-same-gender-marriage” side of this issue. At its February meeting the CHS
Vestry voted unanimously to add their names to the Declaration. Our Rector
Barbara and our Deacon Clare also have signed the Declaration. Furthermore, the
Vestry voted unanimously to invite the support of members of the CHS
congregation for the Declaration. (Since the Declaration is written as coming
from “religious leaders,” people who don’t consider themselves “religious
leaders” can sign as “Supporters of the North Carolina Religious Coalition for
Marriage Equality.”) Please note that the Declaration addresses only civil
marriage; it says nothing about religious beliefs or practices regarding
marriage. If you have any questions please feel free to call me (after Sat. the
26th, when I will return from a trip). Sign-up lists will be available at the
services on Feb. 27 and March 6, or you can email me. I will email names and
email addresses (or postal addresses) of signers to NCRC4ME in time for their
“lobby day” in Raleigh on March 15. Thank you for your consideration of this
issue. For the Church of the Holy Spirit Vestry, Dudley Cate 828-296-8466
jodud...@aol.com --------------------------- North Carolina Religious Coalition
for Marriage Equality Declaration of Religious Leaders April 19, 2004 The most
fundamental human right, after the necessities of food, clothing and shelter, is
the right to affection and the supportive love of other human beings. We become
most fully human when we love another person. We can grow in our capacity to be
human - to be loving - in a family unit. This right to love and form a family is
so fundamental that our United States Constitution takes it for granted in its
dedication to "secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity.”
The North Carolina Constitution likewise affirms the “inalienable rights” of
human beings to "life, liberty, the enjoyment of the fruits of their own labor,
and the pursuit of happiness." Throughout history, tyrants have known that by
denying the right of oppressed peoples to form and nurture families, they can
kill the spirit of those peoples. >From the shameful history of slavery in
America, the injustice of forbidding people to marry is evident as a denial of a
basic human right. The American laws forbidding interracial marriage, now struck
down, were clearly discriminatory. Denial of the status of marriage to those who
would freely accept its responsibilities creates legal and economic inequities
and social injustice. We feel called to protest and oppose this injustice. As
religious people, clergy and lay leaders, we are mandated by faith to stand for
justice in our common civic life. We oppose the use of sacred texts and
religious traditions to deny legal equity to same-gender couples. As concerned
citizens we affirm the liberty of adults of the same gender to love and marry.
We insist that no one, especially the state, is allowed to coerce people into
marriage or bar two consenting adults, whether of the same or differing genders,
from forming the family unit that lets them be more fully loving, thus more
fully human. We respect the fact that debate and discussion continue in many of
our religious communities as to the scriptural, theological and liturgical
issues involved. However, we draw on our many faith traditions to arrive at a
common conviction. We are resolved that the State should not interfere with
same-gender couples who choose to marry and share fully and equally in the
rights, responsibilities, and commitments of civil marriage. We affirm freedom
of conscience in this matter. We recognize that the state may not require
religious groups to officiate at, or bless, same-gender marriages. Likewise, a
denial of state civil recognition dishonors the religious convictions of those
communities and clergy who officiate at, and bless, same-gender marriages. The
state may not favor the convictions of one religious group over another by
denying individuals their fundamental right to marry and to have those marriages
recognized by civil law. As faith leaders, we commit ourselves to public action,
visibility, education, and mutual support in the service of the right and
freedom to marry. -- Tom Dempsey Gulf Breeze, FL 850-748-0740 

Email: Bill McGinnis <bmc...@patriot.net> The One Reason Why All Americans
Should Oppose The Nomination Of Samuel Alito He Would Tear Down Our System Of
Checks And Balances, Giving Far Too Much Power To The President My Fellow
Americans: As many of you may have heard, President Bush has nominated a
long-time Federal Judge named Samuel Alito to become the next member of the
United States Supreme Court, to fill a vacancy created by the retirement of
another member of the Court. Under our Constitution, this nomination cannot take
effect unless and until the United States Senate gives its Consent, as described
in our Constitution, Article II, Section 2. A copy of the Constitution, with
links back to the official source, is located at
http://loveallpeople.org/usconstitutiona.txt Judge Samuel Alito is very highly
qualified by all of the normal standards used to evaluate candidates for this
position: He has a very high intellect. He graduated very high in his class,
from Princeton undergraduate and from Law School at Yale. He has a long and
distinguished record, including many years as a Federal Appeals Judge, the next
level below Supreme Court. He has encyclopedic knowledge of hundreds of
different Supreme Court cases, and he can recite details from memory. He
demonstrates an excellent "Judicial Temperament," being courteous,
mild-mannered, respectful of all people; careful in his work, meticulous in
detail. His co-workers love him. His fellow judges love him. His family loves
him. President Bush loves him. Yes, it is true that some people don't like the
way they think he will vote on the Supreme Court. But other people do like the
way they think he will vote, and the ones who favor him seem to outnumber the
ones who oppose him. So now the Senate is getting ready to vote soon, on whether
to approve him or not; and at this moment (evening of Jan. 27, 2006) it looks
like he has more than the fifty-one votes needed for approval. The President is
very eager to go ahead quickly and get this vote, because he very much wants to
have Samuel Alito on the Supreme Court, to be judging the cases Bush is
interested in. So there is a lot of hurry-up pressure on the Senate to give its
prompt vote of approval. There is an old saying that applies in this situation:
"Act in haste, repent at leisure." Sometimes you can make a bad decision very
quickly, then regret it for many years to come. That is what is about to happen
with Judge Samuel Alito, in my opinion, because he has one tragic flaw - a very
serious blind spot in his thinking - which makes him completely unacceptable for
the position of Supreme Court Justice: He does not really agree with the system
of "Checks and Balances" built into the Constitution, and he is ready to start
tearing it down in order to follow the "Unitary Executive Theory," which calls
for vastly-increased Presidential Power at the expense of Congress and the
Supreme Court. And because of this tragic flaw . . . "He Would Tear Down Our
System Of Checks And Balances, Giving Far Too Much Power To The President." In
our Constitutional system, we have three branches of the Federal Government: the
Legislative, Executive, and Judicial branches. And the basic idea behind the
Checks and Balances we have is that if one branch of the Government goes crazy,
the other two can hold it down. But Samuel Alito believes in a little-known
Constitutional theory - called the "Unitary Executive Theory" - which says that
the President should have complete control over the Executive Branch, and that
the Executive Branch should be in charge of almost everything that the
Government actually does, including the functions of the Independent Agencies
which were designed to be free of Presidential control, and the Military, which
exists, which is regulated, and which is funded by specific authority given by
the Constitution to Congress, not to the President. The Military is not part of
the Executive Branch: it is a separate entity. "Commander In Chief" doesn't mean
that he is the boss of the Military, merely that he is the Administrator, just
as he is the Administrator of the Executive Branch, charged with "executing
faithfully" all the laws passed by Congress and all the Decisions rendered by
the Supreme Court. Under the Unitary Executive Theory, the Laws of Congress and
Decisions of the Supreme Court have no actual authority unless the President
agrees with them. And so Congress and the Supreme Court become mere advisors to
the President, with no real authority over him. And the President becomes a
Dictator, unrestrained by anything in the Constitution, backed up by the Armed
Forces, which would be entirely under his personal control. And thus the United
States of America - The Land Of The Free And The Home Of The Brave - becomes
just another Military Dictatorship, no better than Nazi Germany or Fascist Italy
during World War II. AND THAT IS WHY ALL AMERICANS SHOULD OPPOSE THE NOMINATION
OF SAMUEL ALITO. For details and further proof, please see these websites:
Testimony at http://judiciary.senate.gov/testimony.cfm?id=1725&wit_id=4905
Descriptions and Links at http://www.UnitaryExecutive.net Blessings to you. May
God help us all. And may God bless America! Rev. Bill McGinnis, Director
http://www.LoveAllPeople.org and http://www.InternetchurchOfChrist.org Copies of
this message are located below. If you want to help, please send them to
everyone you know who needs to read them.
http://www.loveallpeople.org/theonereasonwhy.html and
http://www.loveallpeople.org/theonereasonwhy.txt ### CONTACT William McGinnis
(Rev. Bill McGinnis) 1908 Mt Vernon Ave #2543 Alexandria, VA 22301 7037686710
bmc...@patriot.net Reply 

NASA & Company Diplomacy - Trying to keep Moon Landing Hoax a secret in modern
times Some strategies being used by NASA & Company in relation to China and
other space planning countries are mentioned here after being gleaned from a
news item underneath. Country has an Independent strategy = NASA & company to
use "Numero Uno" strategy, try to assert, beat, mesh and control the space
program of the country. This can also be through political, economical, social,
and technological influence. Country not open or not have fixed strategy = NASA
& Company to use "freeze thawed" strategy especially when the country has a
challenging, growing and ambitious space program. This can also be through
political, economical, social, and technological influence. Dependant = NASA &
Company to use "space station" model to unify the aims of different countries.
This is really an end goal aim of NASA & Company and also does not allow anyone
challenging the moon landing hoax. The target for NASA & Company probably to get
by 2018 all the ambitious space program countries shifting towards this model,
through the propaganda of another moon mission; deliberately failing this or
trying hard for another moon landing hoax; achieving the real aim of space unity
between space programs of other countries. China launches its second manned
spaceflight mission Secretive efforts keep outsiders in the dark about the
program's goals By MARK CARREAU Copyright 2005 Houston Chronicle Reuters China
launched Shenzhou VI, its second manned spacecraft, early today in northwest
China's Gansu Province. A pair of military pilots embarked on China's second
manned space flight early today, hurtling into orbit on a test mission that
could span five days. The crew of the Shenzhou VI spacecraft was identified as
Fei Junlong, 40, and Nie Haishen, 41, by China's official news agency. The
successful launch from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center in northwest China
follows the solo flight of Yang Liwei in October 2003. His one-day mission
vaulted his communist homeland into the elite circle of spacefaring nations -
Russia and the United States - that can launch and sustain humans in space. Most
experts believe China intends to develop a small space station of its own over
the next several years. But they remain uncertain about whether China aims to
beat the United States to the moon in its secretive space effort. President Bush
has directed NASA to return to the moon by 2018 with a new generation of human
explorers. China's "is not a fly-by-night program," said Joan Johnson-Freese, an
expert on national security who follows space developments in the Asian nation
at the Naval War College in Newport, R.I. "They are not in any hurry. They want
a program that will be a success," Johnson-Freese said. "They are not going to
rush it, because they don't want it to be a budget buster. Economics will be a
big determiner in the speed of their program." China's overtures to join the
U.S.-led effort to develop the 16-nation international space station have been
thwarted for more than a decade over a range of issues, including the Asian
country's human rights policies and worries it could acquire technologies that
could pose a security threat. The freeze thawed some after Yang's 2003 mission.
China was among 30 nations invited to send a delegate to NASA-sponsored
roundtable discussions on Bush's strategy to reach the moon with astronauts as
the first step in the exploration of Mars and other-deep space destinations. "We
applaud China's space achievements," NASA spokesman Allard Beutel said Tuesday.
"We wish them a successful return of their astronauts." He stressed, however,
that NASA would not follow this week's Chinese mission through formal channels.
At present, there are no plans for additional meetings with foreign powers to
discuss the Bush exploration initiative or to extend an invitation to China to
join the space station partnership, Beutel said. The flight of Fei and Nie could
mark the end of the opening chapter in a three-phase Chinese space initiative,
Johnson-Freese said. The first phase, she said, will demonstrate the capability
of a multi-compartment spacecraft that will leave a test module in orbit when
the two fliers return to Earth. The Chinese program's second phase will include
spacewalks on future missions and demonstrations of docking and undocking
techniques. The final phase will feature the assembly and operation of a
longer-duration space lab. At least one expert believes China's intentions might
include a surprise attempt to circle the moon with astronauts before NASA's
planned lunar return. "The Americans would be wise to plan accordingly," said
John E. Pike, director of the Alexandria, Va.-based GlobalSecurity.org, a small
national security think tank. "There is always the possibility they could jam us
up, make us look like we are not numero uno," Pike said. During the U.S. and
Russian lunar race during the Cold War, NASA scored an early coup by circling
the moon with the Apollo 8 crew over the 1968 Christmas holidays. As it turned
out, the Soviets never made it to the moon. "(China) could be the second country
to do that," Pike said. "They would get in line in front of the Russians. And
they would not have to land on the moon to take us down a notch." Pike's concern
is based on China's development of a new medium-lift rocket, the Long March V,
and the construction of a new space launch complex on Hainan Island in the South
China Sea. The two developments, he said, could eventually enable China's space
program to mature to the point that experts could assemble and launch from
Earth's orbit a spacecraft capable of circling the moon with astronauts and
returning home. mark.carr...@chron.com 

Email: "righter"<righ...@sonic.net> Groups: alt.animals.rights.promotion,
alt.animals, alt.animals.cat, alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian, alt.animals.lion,
alt.animals.tiger, alt.animals.felines.diseases, alt.animals.dog,
alt.animals.horses.breeding, alt.animals.felines.snowleopards I'm a member of a
local animal rights news, and get regular emails from other members and the
staff. Recently, I read an email that reported the horrific nightmare Civet Cats
go through by sick losers who put them in sheds and heat the inside of the sheds
up to 110 degrees with fires, so that they can periodically scrape the sweat off
of their genitals and sell it to corrupt corporations who use it to prolong the
scent of perfumes. The animals eventually die, which is because these demons are
so GREEDY, they want as much of their "product" as they can get, instead of
letting the cats go after a point, as an act of humanity, mercy, love. Below I
pasted the email text, and it has a link to a website that automatically plays
this song the author of the email created. It has cat's "Meowing" for the
vocals, and you might really find yourself in those furnaces, feeling and
thinking those terrible feelings and thoughts that these cats do before they
die. Right now, while we're sitting at our computers enjoying the internet,
those innocent, beautiful, loving cats, are dying, somewhere in this troubled
world a slow, agonizing death. The main reason I wrote this post is to ask
anyone reading this if they know of some way I can help put a stop to this Cat
Holocaust. I am serious about doing something. If I love cats so much, why
aren't I DOING something??? I don't want to appear before God on judgment day
and have to explain why I didn't do anything like this in my life. Any
suggestions would be appreciated. Here's the text of the email: Hi there, I read
the Civet Cat story from a little while ago, and tonight, when my Mom emailed me
about it, I re-read it, and went to the website with the song the author of the
email created. Well, sure enough, when I heard the cats "Meowing," I imagined
the hellish moments these poor beautiful creatures of God were living, what went
on in their tiny, sweet little minds, and decided that I want to do something
about this torture. So, if anyone can give me some advice, I'd sure appreciate
it! I think for starters, myself and those of you who believe in God could say a
special prayer for them. I will. I've pasted the email for those who haven't
seen or would like to re-read it. It's also got the website where the song has
been uploaded. I was thinking, that while I'm sitting here, relaxing and
enjoying myself, those poor innocent animals are being cooked to death with heat
in those Holocaust-esque death chambers. And what am I DOING about it? From:
Travis Job <t...@sonic.net> Date: Thu, 11 Mar 2004 02:39:27 -0800 To: SPAR
<s...@sonic.net> Subject: Civet Cats, James Rachels + a song This is my first
time posting to the list, so I feel somewhat embarrassed by "promoting" a song I
wrote, but I think it is fitting because it is directly tied to extreme animal
suffering as a result of human lack of empathy, but an abundance of human greed.
I'm not sure if any of you know much about civet cats, but to brief those who
might not know, I will quote James Rachels, author of World Hunger and Moral
Obligation among many other animal rights-related books and articles. (I kind of
see him to be for animal rights theory as Peter Singer is to the theory of
utilitarianism applied to non-human animals). The quote is from an article
entitled "Vegetarianism and `The Other Weight Problem'" If anyone wants the
complete article, email me, as it is a very good article which no meat-eater can
read and not sense their own hypocrisy. But this is what he says about civet
cats: "As an example, consider the treatment of the civet cat, a highly
intelligent and sociable animal. Civet cats are trapped and placed in small
cages inside darkened sheds, where the temperature is kept up to 110 F by fires.
They are confined in this way until they finally die. What justifies this
extraordinary mistreatment? These animals have the misfortune to produce a
substance that is useful in the manufacture of perfume. Musk, which is scraped
from their genitals once a day for as long as they can surv ive, makes the scent
of perfume last a bit longer after each application. (The heat increases their
"production" of musk.) Here Kant's rule--"Animals are merely means to an end;
that end is man"--is applied with a vengeance. To promote one of the most
trivial interests we have, thousands of animals are tormented for their whole
lives." This article, and specifically this piece, effected me enough to try to
build a song around the topic. If anyone is interested in listening to this
song, and in offering their opinion, whether it be positive or negative, I'd
appreciate it. But I also hope no one feels any obligation to download,
especially if you have an internet connection as slow mine (28k). The url for
the song is http://www.sonic.net/~fsjob/TragiCore-TheCivetCat.mp3 Although there
are no human vocals/lyrics, I think it's subject matter is audible. Again, if
anyone wants to read Rachels' entire article, let me know. It's also on the net.
I was already a vegetarian when I read it a little more than a year ago, but it
was one of the bigger factors for me in going completely vegan. I hope all are
well. Farewell for now... Travis Job icq uin: 5249025 "Note to Wigner: Do you
think your friend could feed my cat? Heisenberg wasn't sure. Thanks,
--Shrodinger" ------------------- .: GO VEGAN :. 

MAKE THOUSANDS!!! -- THIS IS NOT A SCAM!!! I found this on a bulletin board and
decided to try it: I don't care about the useless pre-fabricated crap this
message usually says. All I say is, it works. Continue pre-fab crap. WELL GUESS
WHAT!!! Within seven days, I started getting money in the mail!! I was shocked!!
I figured it would end soon, but the money just kept coming in. In my first
week, I made about $25.00. By the end of the second week I had made a total of
more than $1000.00!! In the third week I had more than $10,000.00 and it's still
growing!! This is now my fourth week and I have made a total of $42,000.00 and
it's still coming rapidly. It's certainly worth $6.00 and six stamps, and I have
spent more than that on the lottery without ever winning!!! Let me tell you how
this works and most important, why it works.......... also make sure you print
this out NOW, so you can get the information off of it, as you will need it. I
promise you that if you follow the directions exactly that you will start making
more money than you thought possible by doing something so easy!! Suggestion:
Read this entire message carefully!! (Print it out or download it) Follow the
simple directions and watch the money come in!! It's easy. It's legal. And, your
investment is only $6.00 (Plus postage) !!! IMPORTANT: This is not a rip-off, it
is decent; it's legal; and it is virtually no risk - it really works!! If all
the following instructions are adhered to, you will receive extraordinary
dividends. PLEASE NOTE: Please follow the directions EXACTLY, and $50,000 or
more can be yours in 20 to 60 days. This program remains successful because of
the honesty and integrity of the participants. Please continue its success by
carefully adhering to the instructions. You will now become apart of the Mail
Order business. You are in the business of developing Mailing Lists. Many large
corporations are happy to pay big bucks for quality lists. However, the money
made from the mailing lists is secondary to income which is made from people
like you and me asking to be included in that list. Here are the four easy steps
to success. STEP ONE: Get six separate pieces of paper and write the following
on each piece of paper "PLEASE PUT ME ON YOUR MAILING LIST." Now get 6 U.S.
$1.00 bills and place ONE inside of EACH of the six pieces of paper so the bill
will not be seen through the envelope (to prevent thievery). Next, place one
paper in each of the six envelopes and seal them. You now should have six sealed
envelopes, each with a piece of paper stating the above phrase, your name and
address, and a $1.00 bill. What you are doing is creating a service. THIS IS
ABSOLUTELY LEGAL!!!!! You are requesting a legitimate service and you are paying
for it!! Like most of us I was a little skeptical and little worried about the
legal aspects of it all. So I checked it out with the U.S. Post Office
(1-800-238-5355) and they confirmed that it is indeed legal!! Mail the six
envelopes to the following addresses: 1) G. Burrows 1/264 Tor St Toowoomba QLD
4350 Australia 2)S Luest P.O. Box 366 Garden Grove, CA 92842 USA 3) G.V. & A.
Bourret 41 Broome St, #1 Brooklyn, NY 11222 USA 4)R. Ansems Gen. Foulkesstraat 5
4641 BW Ossendrecht Netherlands 5)W. Brumbley 4632 Hilton Ave Suite # 31
Columbus, Ohio 43228 STEP TWO:Now take the #1 name off the list that you see
above, move the other names up (six becomes 5, 5 becomes 4, and etc.) and add
YOUR NAME as number 6 on the list. STEP THREE: Change anything you need to but
try to keep this article as close to original as possible. Now post your amended
article to at least 200 news groups. : (I think there are close to 24,000
groups) All you need is 200, but remember, the more you post, the more money you
make!! This is perfectly legal!! If you have any doubts, refer to Title 18 Sec.
1302 & 1341 of the Postal Lottery laws. Keep a copy of these steps for yourself
and whenever you need money, you can use it again, and again. PLEASE REMEMBER
that this program remains successful because of the honesty and integrity of the
participants and by their carefully adhering to directions. Look at it this way.
If you were of integrity, the program will continue and the money that so many
others have received will come your way. NOTE: You may want to retain every name
and address sent to you, either on a computer or hard copy and keep the notes
people send you. This VERIFIES that you are truly providing a service. (Also, it
might be a good idea to wrap the $1 bill in dark paper to reduce the risk of
mail theft). So, as each post is downloaded and the directions carefully
followed, all members will be reimbursed for their participation as a List
Developer with one dollar each. Your name will move up the list geometrically so
that when your name reaches the #1 position you will be receiving thousands of
dollars in CASH!!! What an opportunity for only $6.00 ( $1.00 for each of the
first six people listed above) Send it now, add your own name to the list and
you're in business!!! *****DIRECTIONS FOR HOW TO POST TO NEWS GROUPS!!!*****
STEP ONE: You do not need to re-type this entire letter to do your own posting.
Simply put your cursor at the beginning of this letter and drag your cursor to
the bottom of this document, and select 'copy' from the edit menu. This will
copy the entire letter into the computer's memory. STEP TWO: Open a blank
'notepad' file and place your cursor at the top of the blank page. From the
'edit' menu select 'paste'. This will paste a copy of the letter into the
notepad so that you will add your name to the list. STEP THREE: Save your new
notepad file as a text file. If you want to do your posting in different
settings, you'll always have this file to go back to. STEP FOUR: Visit message
boards and post this article as a new message by highlighting the text of this
letter and selecting paste from the edit menu. Fill in the subject, this will be
the header that everyone sees as they scroll through the list of postings in a
particular group, click the post message button. You're done.
Congratulations!!!!!! THAT'S IT!! All you have to do, and It Really works!!!
Best Wishes 

Blue Planet: Who's afraid of Big Bad Wolf? By Dan Whipple UNITED PRESS
INTERNATIONAL Boulder, CO, Feb. 23 (UPI) -- Ever since he ate up Red Riding
Hood's grandma and blew down the houses of two-thirds of the Three Little Pigs,
the Big Bad Wolf has held a persistently bad reputation. In part because of that
reputation, the gray wolf was nearly exterminated from the lower 48 states by
the 1920s, except for a small remnant population on Isle Royale National Park in
Michigan's Lake Superior. The last wolf was killed in Yellowstone National Park
in 1943. Western sheep and cattle ranchers, on whose behalf this extermination
campaign was conducted, gratefully dusted their hands of the wolf and wrote him
off as a job well done. Their sheep could graze, their cows could ruminate and
never a discouraging word would be heard. After the major kill-offs, wolves
outside of Alaska and Canada existed mostly as legend. Like UFOs or Sasquatch,
several people claimed to see fleeting lone wolves, usually in Yellowstone. In
the 1960s, a group shooting a movie in the Wyoming park reportedly imported some
captive wolves, then released them when their shooting was done. If so, this
happy band has not been heard from since. Rumor also had it some renegade
biologist brought a caged pair to Yellowstone and released them into the wild
sometime in the 1970s, hoping to reestablish a breeding population. If true, the
caper failed. Over time, the wolf's absence seemed to rehabilitate its image.
Eventually, a trickle of support appeared for bringing the predator back to its
former home range in the northern Rocky Mountains. This trickle grew into a
flood, resulting in 14 wolves being reintroduced in Yellowstone in 1995 by the
U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service -- albeit over the strong and still-continuing
objections of ranchers. These wolf packs have flourished, and now there are an
estimated 850 wolves roaming the northern Rockies, where merely 10 years ago
there were none. One compelling argument for reintroduction was the wolf acts as
a keystone predator, an animal that affects the populations, behavior and
ecology of a wide variety of species within its range. Some recent research
conducted by Oregon State University has given considerable credence to this
idea. OSU forestry professors William Ripple and Robert Beschta have found that
wolves actually promote stream-bank stabilization, although they have given the
phenomenon the unfortunate name of "the ecology of fear" -- something that
smacks of the horrible PR resulting from the wolf's relationships with Riding
Hood and the Three Pigs. They explained that elk in Yellowstone used to browse
unmolested on young aspen and willow growing near the banks of streams, a
behavior that prevented the saplings from reaching mature stages and increased
the possibility of soil erosion. Since reintroduction, however, Ripple and
Beschta have found, fear of the wolves apparently has discouraged the elk from
spending too much time at stream banks -- where they are out in the open -- and
munching on the saplings. "All you have to do is look at the photographs," Ed
Bangs, wolf recovery coordinator for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, told
UPI's Blue Planet, "You say, 'wow!' An area that used to be bald as a billiard
ball is now a sea of willow." This simple change has triggered a veritable
ecological cascade in Yellowstone. More streamside willow and aspen have meant
better habitat for beaver, for instance. Where there had been only one beaver
colony in the park's northern range before the wolves returned, now there are
nine. "It may be uninteresting to a lot of people," Beschta told Blue Planet.
"There's a lot of impact on plants and they say, 'Who cares?' But we've been
looking at streamside communities. Since wolf recovery, streamside plants,
willows and cottonwoods provide food for other critters -- beavers, a whole
variety of avian species, berry-producing shrubs that bears can use. It's
important with regard to the quality of streams. The plants provide shade and
root strength for bank stability. Plants are critical to wildland ecosystems."
Yellowstone has a vast elk herd, one of the largest in the world. Bangs said
although the number of elk has not declined very much since the wolves came
back, their behavior appears markedly different. "I'm pretty suspicious of
making broad generalizations," however, he cautioned. "Wolves are still pretty
new. They've only been there for 10 years. In 10 more years we'll have a better
idea." Wolf reintroduction in the northern Rockies has been so successful the
Fish and Wildlife Service has moved to reduce the animal's status from
endangered to threatened and, eventually, to remove it from the endangered
species list altogether. Bangs said the agency has established viable wolf packs
in the northern Rockies, as required by federal regulations. Some
conservationists want the protection extended so wolves can move into other
states, including Colorado, Utah and Oregon, among others. On Jan. 31, Oregon
Federal District Court Judge Robert E. Jones appeared to agree with them. He
vacated the FWS decision to downgrade the wolf's status. Bangs said his agency
is still reviewing the decision. Regardless of the wolf's legal status, its
future expansion into new areas now seems likely. Wolves can migrate
considerable distances. A Yellowstone wolf was found dead, hit by a car, on a
Colorado highway last year, several hundred miles from home. Meanwhile, his
reputation seems to be improving, although Bangs noted a "pretty interesting
social dynamic." There are only about 850 wolves in the West, but there are an
estimated 31,000 mountain lions. Pound for pound, mountain lions eat more game
and more livestock than wolves. They even occasionally attack people, which
wolves do not -- despite the propaganda from the Brothers Grimm. Yet people seem
willing -- even eager -- to accommodate mountain lions, despite the risks. It
remains to be seen whether they will extend the same courtesy to the arriving
gray wolf. Regarding those rumors about wolves living in Yellowstone prior to
the official reintroduction? They seem to be just that: rumors. True, there are
about 300,000 wolves and wolf hybrids kept as pets in the United States. It also
is likely people have released some of these animals into the wild hoping they
would survive -- for instance, a ranger in Glacier Park caught someone in this
very act not long ago. Bangs said these animals are not equipped to survive in
the wild, however, and they all almost certainly have died. He said after 10
years of DNA testing on northern Rockies wolves, scientists have not found a
single strain that did not belong to one of the wolves the agency released -- or
their descendants. -- Blue Planet is a weekly series examining the relationship
of humans to the environment, by veteran environmental reporter Dan Whipple.
E-mail: sciencem...@upi.com 

Climate: Humans fuss, animals adjust By Dan Whipple UNITED PRESS INTERNATIONAL
Boulder, CO, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- Scientists can argue all they want about how many
degrees Celsius -- or Fahrenheit -- the planet is warming and what the trend
portends, but meanwhile Earth's plants, insects and animals are not waiting for
the outcome. They already are altering their patterns of behavior in response to
what is happening. It turns out one of the surest barometers of the warming
climate is the response of the non-human natural world to changing conditions,
and biologists who study the responses have been aware for some years the
biosphere is acknowledging global warming. Nina Leopold Bradley, a plant
ecologist and daughter of the conservation pioneer Aldo Leopold, published a
1999 paper in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences on her 61-year
uninterrupted phenological records. Phenology studies an organism's development
and life cycle -- the pulse of life. Bradley's record of 300 phenophases found
that even prior to 1999, spring was arriving in higher latitudes several weeks
earlier than in the earlier years of her data. Birds arrived sooner on their
migrations from the south and plants flowered earlier. The Eastern phoebe is
showing up about 20 days before it used to. The forest phlox is blooming in late
April instead of mid-May. Half of the 300 phenophases Leopold tracked showed a
response consistent with warming. In England, the cuckoo returns earlier. An
analysis of 65 bird species in the United Kingdom shows about one-third are
laying their eggs four to seven days earlier than they did 25 years ago. "One of
the major, most well-documented and robust findings in ecology over the past
century has been the crucial role of climate in determining the geographical
distribution of species and ecological communities," concluded a report titled
"Observed Impacts of Global Climate Change in the United States," released by
the Pew Center on Global Climate last week. Pew researchers looked at about 40
studies that could provide an assessment of whether climate was affecting
biology. "Half of the studies provide strong evidence of a causal link between
the biological change and climate change," said Camille Parmesan, a University
of Texas-Austin biologist and one of the world's leading experts on this issue.
These changes are occurring across all species, Parmesan told UPI's Climate.
"Across the United States, the northern edge of species' range is expanding,"
she said. Parmesan has spent much of her career studying the checkerspot
butterfly, which migrates between Mexico and southern California. Some localized
extinctions already have occurred across some of its habitat. "Empirical
research pointed to climate as being a strong driver," she said. "There have
been large numbers of population extinctions in Mexico and southern California
in areas where the habitat is still acceptable." According to Parmesan's earlier
studies, one extinction event, for instance, was triggered when a checkerspot
population migrated north prematurely, relying on a warming temperature signal,
then was caught in a severe snowstorm in its northern habitat. Throughout the
United States, she said, "spring is about two weeks earlier. Tree swallows are
nesting nine days earlier. Tropical species have moved up to Florida and the
Gulf Coast. Bird and butterfly watchers are seeing many, many new species coming
up from Mexico and the Caribbean." As the Pew report concluded, "Sufficient
studies now exist to conclude that the consequences of climate change are
already detectable within U.S. ecosystems." Such consequences include shifting
and, in some cases, contraction of ranges and changes in species composition
within ecosystems. The report also found alterations of ecosystem processes such
as carbon cycling and storage. The Alaskan tundra, for instance, has switched
from being a net sink of carbon dioxide -- absorbing and storing more carbon
from the atmosphere than it releases -- to "being a net source of CO2 (releasing
more carbon than is stored) because warmer winters have allowed dead plant
matter previously stored in the soil to decompose and release CO2." The Pew
report coincided with the release in Iceland of the "Arctic Climate Impact
Assessment." The ACIA -- with participation by the United States, Canada,
Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, the Russian Federation and Sweden -- was
begun in 2000. "The impacts of global warming are affecting people now in the
Arctic," said ACIA chair Robert Corell. "The Arctic is experiencing some of the
most rapid and severe climate change on Earth. The impacts of climate change on
the region and the globe are projected to increase substantially in the years to
come." The ACIA found Arctic winter temperatures have increased 4 degrees to 7
degrees Fahrenheit in the last 50 years and should go up about twice that much
in the next 100 years. Arctic summer sea ice will decline by 50 percent by the
end of the 21st century, the assessment found, with some models predicting
complete disappearance of summer sea ice. "Should the Arctic Ocean become
ice-free in summer, it is likely that polar bears and some seal species would be
driven toward extinction," the report concluded. As with so much climate
research, not everyone agrees with these dire predictions. A third report, "The
Impacts of Climate Change: An Appraisal for the Future," completed by the
Britain-based International Policy Network and released almost simultaneously
with the other two, falls somewhat into that category. On the one hand, the IPN
report agreed "Climate models generally predict that the temperature rises in
the Arctic will substantially exceed the global rise. This applies especially in
the high Arctic where the ice cover is expected to diminish substantially with
the effect that the surface absorption of solar radiation will greatly
increase." On the other hand, the report thinks the news might not be so bad for
the North Atlantic fisheries. "The impact of global warming on fish stocks and
fisheries is hard to judge," the IPN report said. "A warming of the magnitude
predicted is more likely than not to be beneficial to the fisheries of the North
Atlantic." The important commercial species that probably would benefit from
warming include cod, haddock, saithe, herring, blue whiting and several types of
flatfish and crustaceans -- such as the Norway lobster. Important species that
probably would decline include shrimp, capelin, Greenland halibut and some
varieties of flatfish. Hidden in this laundry list -- and in the pile of studies
examined by the Pew researchers -- is one of the fundamental chasms dividing
participants in the global warming debate. The IPN report examines commercial
fish species, but it neglects important non-commercial animals, such as seals
and polar bears. In a limited economic sense, therefore, the organization can
argue warming might be a good thing. The problem is whether one cares what
happens to the polar bears, checkerspot butterflies and other unconsumables. The
Pew researchers tried to transcend the economic argument. They assumed a value
-- unspecified -- for non-commercial species, and in doing so rendered the
warming news a bit less rosy. This tug-of-war over calculating economic values
is the one that ultimately will have to be decided by humans, because animals
and plants can adjust only so much. "When dandelions have set the mark of May on
Wisconsin pastures, it is time to listen for the final proof of spring," wrote
Aldo Leopold in "A Sand County Almanac." "Sit down on a tussock, cock your ears
at the sky, dial out the bedlam of meadowlarks and redwings, and soon you may
hear it: the flight of the upland plover, just now back from the Argentine." Or
maybe not. -- Climate is a weekly series by UPI examining the impacts of global
climate change. E-mail sciencem...@upi.com 

Preamble from BBC leading to the comments further below. Feel free to cut and
paste and leave your comments, as these viewpoints cover the entire gamut
surrounding the event. ---->===}*{===<---- How has Katrina changed the US? What
will be the lasting effects of Hurricane Katrina and what can be learnt from the
response? Relief agencies are trying to help hundreds of thousands of displaced
people while authorities have vowed to restore security in New Orleans following
a breakdown of law and order. In the world press, commentators predict that
Katrina will make a profound change in the way the US is perceived at home and
abroad, especially following the scenes of poverty and racial divisions they
believe the disaster has revealed. Meanwhile, President George W Bush has said
he will lead an inquiry into how the disaster was handled. How has Katrina
changed the US? Has it altered your life? Has the disaster affected the way
other countries view the US? Send us your comments using the form.
---->===}*{===<---- Some of the better comments: "As an American, I would like
to take this opportunity to tell all the 'USA and Bush Bashers' that I am
appalled at the number of 'allies' that are using this disaster as their podium
to spread their useless opinions. What you see in New Orleans is a perfect
example of the downfalls of the welfare system, a form of socialism that many in
this country know is the true problem. You have seen the pictures. You people
think it is race, but it is not. It is the welfare society that was New
Orleans." --Paul, Atlanta, USA "I am frankly revolted by the response of the
Bush-Bashers; "Sorry chaps, but you did have it coming..." The plain fact is
that Bush has a sight more in the way of common humanity than a great many of
his detractors. At least he isn't using this disaster for cheap political
point-scoring." --Mac, Nottingham "I do not feel it has changed the US citizens
which is what was needed, even now the majority want "Gas" despite the fact they
are polluting the world more than any other country in the world and refuse to
stop, perhaps this natural disaster, which let's face it looks like a product of
Global Warming, will change their views, why not pick things up with your hands
and walk with your legs, other people in the world do it, "Gas" is not the be
all and end all!" --David, Kent <This man has clearly never visited the US.
Distances are not what they are in the old world. Here, cars are absolutely
necessary, and he'd have to have one, too. -Juggernaut> "The US will work its
way through the loss of a city and we are making progress after seven short
days. Thank you for your concern, but Europe is still irrelevant." --John B,
Windermere, Florida <John can come over to eat at my house anytime. -Juggernaut>
It is always interesting what spin the press will take. Certainly,
representation of the US in other countries will have a certain depiction. I
don't believe that folks who believe that America is the land of opportunity
will change their views from this recent news. I have a friend who came here
from Bulgaria after winning a green card in a lottery. Yes, she and her family
were delighted to leave the communistic remnants in that country. Her husband
became a citizen of the US just the week before last. (Believe it or not, it
takes a minimum of 5 years to apply.) The countries which are giving to America
to aid are a great example of the seed that America has sown through the years
with other nations. Now to the poverty stricken and the racial issue... You
know, I've lived in the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex most of my life. When not in
Texas, I lived in LA and San Francisco. There is a lot of racial diversity in
all of these places... and I've vacationed through the south... visited my folks
when they lived in Mississippi, and where they live now and are in the racial
minority being white (less than 20%) in northeastern Arkansas. The fact is, when
I began traveling for business to New England, when I first visited my in-laws
in Montana and Idaho, I was shocked at the lack of racial diversity. I didn't
expect to react that way, but when I was looking around my workplace in Nashua,
New Hampshire, and everyone else looked pretty much like me, it was really very
eerie. So, yes, America has pockets that are more diverse than others.
Additionally, reviewing the standings of Louisiana and Mississippi in the
educational stakes, you'll find they usually land near the bottom of a list of
50 states. Unfortunately, those left behind to be filmed, where those without
transportation or means. Some refused to leave, but so many were unable to. Yes,
it's a valid reflection of America - we do have cities like this. However, New
Orleans also had many affluent people, people who left town early as they had
the means. I don't know if this will change other nation's perceptions of
America. I suspect it will not change greatly... but you never know how much
stock people put in the news. I do know that this will change the face of
America. I expect that many of the displaced people (those affluent and those
not) will remain in the places they were evacuated to. The 1.25 million people
who have been housed in stadiums and convention centers across Texas will begin
to populate Houston, Dallas, San Antonio and Galveston, and the surrounding
areas. Sure, some will return, but I have a feeling that once many begin to get
jobs and temporary housing, they may be shy about returning. I'm interested in
what America will look like in 5 years. Will racial diversity find its way to
Wyoming as some people are offered jobs there? Or will the nearly year-round
snow be too much for those who have never experienced snow in their lives? Will
the housing market in Dallas begin booming like the rest of the nation has due
to the influx of buyers? Will businesses that were new in 2005 have become a
household name due to their efforts in rebuilding the gulf coast? What will the
federal government do to prevent inflation in the housing and building market?
These are some of the things I've been wondering... Linna Response coming soon.
Your reply is good and deserves something good in return. Juggernaut Okay, I'm
new to this forum and really don't like Bush, so my view point is slanted and I
admit that. I rarely listen to the news or to what politicians or lawyers say
because so many tell lies that none have credibility so what's the point? What I
know is that I have a close friend who's aunt disappeared in New Orleans. My
friend didn't have computer capability, so I spent the day searching and posting
online. The family here (California) wanted to fly any family members from there
to CA, so they could remain here until things got straightened out down there.
The cousins could not be found because no one was sure of their married names.
The hope was that anyone looking for the Aunt would see the family post and know
that help was available. It is Oct. 6, and not one family member has been
located. What I saw was dozens of school buses submerged that could have been
used to evacuate people who had no transportation. What I heard was the Mayor of
New Orleans, saying that he didn't order the buses or anything else to be used
because he was waiting on someone else to tell him what to do. When common sense
takes a back seat to politics and legal mumbo jumbo what have we become?
Recently, Bush addressed the nation. About 30 seconds into his address, he
started flogging the terrorist issue just one more time. Ironically he almost
burst out laughing and it was all he could do to keep his mirth down to a barely
controlled smirk. Even he can't believe that he is trotting out this old saw
again. I guess if you have a schtick that is a resounding success once, you
can't help but trot it out every time your act is going sour. Meanwhile, every
pocket that can be lined is golden and the poor are shunted off radar yet again.
The gall of it all is that Bush is stumping for more money to build more
refineries, when what he should do is pour money into making the US independent
of OPEC or crude oil all together. We have the technology; if you are going to
spend billions of dollars touting "FREEDOM" why not spend those billions making
all of us free? Free of polution, free of oil dependency, and free of big
business that is bleeding us dry for the short term good (theirs). I'm sorry he
makes me want to puke so I shut him off. In the meanwhile there are still broken
families that should have been safe in the home of the brave. 

For those who believe.................... Aries in 2005 - Flexibility If you
want a motto for 2005, the best one to adopt would be "go with the flow." 2005
will be a year of ups and downs, and only the flexible will be able to keep from
going crazy! All Aries natives may have to tighten their belts and curb their
desire for constant expansion. You may need to play it cool and curb your
spending. You'll be among the first to seize upon new societal trends to create
new opportunities for yourself, as your creativity will be at an all-time high.
You will be more eloquent and persuasive than usual, and others will identify
enthusiastically with your vision. If you want to start a new creative project
or business venture, your imagination will be working overtime. 2005 could find
you doing well career-wise - and aspiring to climb even higher. Taurus in 2005 -
Tenacity "Diligence" is the key word for you, Taurus. With hard work and focus,
you will attain at least one important aspiration that has been on your agenda
for a long time. This is the year you'll want to take stock of your career and
ask yourself if you're doing the work you want to do for the rest of your life.
As the year progresses, the more impressive your ideas and works become. As a
result, your finances improve - and your newfound confidence could attract new
love into your life. By the end of the year, you will have a whole new network
of friends and group activity, stimulating new ideas and taking up your social
life a notch or two. Gemini in 2005 - Success Your cycle of learning through the
school of hard knocks has come to an end, Gemini, and now you're going to start
reaping the rewards these "lessons" have left in their wake. As 2005 progresses,
the road ahead will become clearer. You now have it in you to create the kind of
life for yourself that you want. These leaps and bounds forward include love and
creativity. Your learning of concepts of all kinds combines with extensive group
activity, bringing your mind into a whole new space this year. By the end of
2005 you'll have a whole new start with regard to your career and your earning
potential - and a possible new partnership to top it off! Cancer in 2005 -
Balance Finding a balance between your personal and professional lives may be
one of the year's strongest challenges. For the most part, your outward life
this year will go in fits and starts - alternating periods of intense activity
with times of welcome rest. Enjoy the restful periods when you can. The active
ones will be hectic! You'll be making radical changes in your work habits, but
you'll be a lot happier for it, and in the end you'll know it was worth it. Your
love life is full, and any dissatisfaction with career and money matters fades
into the background. By the end of 2005, you'll feel more confident, more
determined, and far more capable of making the mountains come to you! Leo in
2005 - Abundance Pursuing a successful career, along with the usual social and
financial advantages, will be easier this year than it has in a long time for
you, Leo! The most difficult thing might be deciding which path means the most
to you, and where to put your focus. You'll be able to create opportunities for
advancement almost out of thin air. Romance in 2005 will make it a year to
remember - and you'll be the envy of all your friends. Love comes willingly and
easily. Money may suddenly become tight at a very inconvenient time. Yet, this
is no comparison to the advancements you'll make overall, and by the end of
2005, you'll look back in sheer wonder and happiness. Virgo in 2005 -
Perseverance Your working life might not go so smoothly this year, Virgo. For
much of 2005, you'll be putting your nose to the grindstone. On the bright side,
your finances will be pretty stable. Just don't take it for granted - you still
need to be cautious this year. Your love life will thrive for most of the year,
and any relationship begun or reaffirmed in 2005 is very likely to be a lasting
one. And, you're going to develop a hopeless romantic streak.In spite of a lot
of worry over your career, by the year's end, you'll see that 2005 has filled
your life with prosperity and accomplishments. Libra in 2005 - Expansion Flex
your muscles, friend Libra, and prepare for a relatively easy ride. With
beneficent Jupiter in your sign, this is definitely your year, especially where
your social life is concerned. Happiness and enjoyment lie ahead. If you're not
presently married, and want to be, you just might wed by the end of the year.
This is the year you're going to be doing a lot of travel and learning about
your world, as expansion is the theme. The one department of life that may not
quite be as hopeful as you'd like could be your career, where advancement may be
slow and satisfaction rare. By year's end, you may find yourself seriously
considering a major change - all for the best. Scorpio in 2005 - Transmutation
Scorpio, you can still expect changes - perhaps major ones - in your life this
year, almost to the point of total transformation. While this is most apparent
in the area of your career, you'll see it showing up in other important aspects
of your life. Your life might take on an entirely new direction you've never
dreamed of. You may also change your residence during the year. Whether you
start the year as a single person looking for a partner, or you've been married
for many years, happiness in love does lie ahead. Be prepared for new horizons.
They may not be familiar, but they will be fascinating. Don't cling to the
banks; instead, flow with the tide in 2005. Sagittarius in 2005 - Empowerment
Are you prepared to handle absolute power? If not, you will be soon! Your ruling
planet, Jupiter, will be in a special relationship with Pluto - called "mutual
reception" - in 2005. There's so much punch packed into this combination that
it's almost scary. You'll find the ultimate power is the ability to choose your
own destiny. You'll find practical ways of increasing your effectiveness in the
world by gaining new skills that allow you to live more abundantly. By the
second half of the year, you will finally feel welcome relief from the tight
financial binds that have hindered you over the past two years. And, a
relationship you begin now will last a very long time - like, for the rest of
your life. Overall, 2005 is sure to be a year you won't forget. Capricorn in
2005 - Resolution You've got plenty of lucky breaks headed your way in 2005,
friend Capricorn. The long awaited relief you've needed in your love life is
around the corner, and by the end of the year you will feel much clearer about
your partnerships in general. Financially, it could be a lean year, although
some advance planning can help you weather the storm. Your career opportunities
will expand exponentially, and you're likely to change jobs or positions this
year. At times, the pressure on your job and home life may seem unbearable, but
rest assured you will come through this stronger - and wiser - than ever, as
more is revealed and resolved in 2005. Aquarius in 2005 - Magic 2005 sees you
expanding your intuitive and psychic skills even more, Aquarius. The mysteries
of the universe continue to attract and intrigue you, as you apply your mystical
awareness to the important decisions upcoming in your life, especially
concerning partnerships of all kinds. 2005 is bound to bring at least one major
success in the love department, and your career will be brimming with new
enthusiasm and innovation. Not only that, but travel, adventure, and personal
expansion infuse fresh energy into all areas of your life. By year's end, your
creative decision-making will have carried you to whole new peaks - and a whole
new view from above. Pisces in 2005 - Self-confidence It's a big year for you,
friend Pisces. No doubt, in 2005 you'll find yourself pushed more and more out
into the world. You'll experience a new sense of purpose and make plenty of new
friends. Expect lots of surprises and lucky breaks this year, with Uranus
bringing the unexpected in your career, your love life, and the world in
general. At some point during the year, you could pick up a financial windfall,
hear of a great career opportunity, or unexpectedly meet the love of your life.
It's important that you take retreats and plenty of time for yourself to
regenerate, as the rate of change in your personal and professional life will be
fast and unpredictable. Remain calm and confident, and love is very likely to
flourish in 2005. "Expect the unexpected," and enjoy the ride! "Success comes
before work" only in the dictionary Mayur ? <> Get Mails Everyday <> Share Your
Mails <mailto:mayur...@yahoo.com> mayur...@yahoo.com SMS Me... 09819602175 Talk
to me <ymsgr:sendIM?mayursha&__Hi+Mayur...> [send offline as well ]
online?u=mayursha&m=g&t=1 1K Download 

------------------------------------------------------------- The mysterious
RAPHAEL Holinshed was named for the mysterious Neoplatonic Italian painter
RAPHAEL Sanzio who painted _St.George Fighting the Dragon_ (1504-06) [ ]
---------------------------------------------------------------------- Like
William Shakspere RAPHAEL (the painter) died on his April birthday Laura &
Bridget's day:
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
ARCHILOCHUS solar eclipse: April 6, 648 BC Friday Koran descends to Earth: April
6, 610 AD Monday CLEMENT's St.Methodius dies: April 6, 884 Monday Petrarch meets
LAURA: April 6, 1327 Monday DURER dies: April 6, 1528 Monday BRIDGET Vere's
birth: April 6, 1584 Monday Sir Francis Walsingham dies: April 6, 1590 Monday
"native of Crete" EL GRECO dies: April 7, 1614 Monday {LUCIO: Does BRIDGET PAINT
still, Pompey, ha? [MfM Act 3, Sc. 2]} LAURA dies of plague: April 6, 1348
Sunday RAPHAEL born: April 6, 1483 Sunday RAPHAEL dies: April 6, 1520 Good
Friday Thomas Hobbes' birth: April 5, 1588 Good Friday Start of _The SOUND & the
FURY_: April 6, 1928 Good Friday Kent EARTHQUAKE: April 6, 1580 Wednesday
Historian John Stow dies: April 6, 1605 Sat/Wed.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- << Upon
the sixth of April, Alexander the Great was born. Upon the same day he conquered
Darius, won a great victory at sea, & died the same day. Neither was this day
less fortunate to his father Philip; for on the same day he took Potidea; >> -
JOHN AUBREY, F.R.S.
--------------------------------------------------------------------- ANTONIO
PEREZ 1535-1611 [Philip II's renegade Secretary of State] <<In "Love's Labour's
Lost" we find a character Don Adriana de Armatho, full of affection and bombast.
A Spanish refugee, ANTONIO PEREZ, visited England in 1593 and became acquainted
with Francis & ANTHONY Bacon, with whom for a time he seems to have been on
terms of intimacy, which did not last very long, for the Spaniard developed so
much affectation & bombast that he became unpopular in Court circles. In 1594
PEREZ wrote & published a book under the assumed name of "RAPHAEL PEREGRINO." In
the play Holofernes is ridiculing Don Adriana "the traveler from Spain" and says
of him: "He is too picked, too spruce, too affected, Too odd, as it were, too
PEREGRINate, as I may call it." -Act 5, Scene 1. To make the reference more
pointed and unmistakable, Sir Nathaniel replies "a most singular & choice
epithet," and at once enters it in his note book. This parody on PEREZ'
sobriquet clearly identifies PEREZ with Armatho.>>
---------------------------------------------------------------- Shakespeare
Electronic Conference, Vol. 6, No. 0832. Monday, 23 October 1995. From: Martin
Green <MGr...@usa.pipeline.com> Date: Sunday, 22 Oct 1995 10:57:32 -0400
Subject: Re: Facts, Purpose of List, Italy, Jews <<There were no Jews in England
to speak of in the 1590's. True, but two in England that we know of were a part
of the Essex entourage: Dr. Lopez, who had been physician to Essex' step-father,
the Earl of Leicester, had apparently treated the young Essex for some socially
unacceptable ailment, and Antonio Perez, who was a guest at Essex House in the
early 1590's. To be sure, both Lopez & Perez were conversos--but they were
thought of in England as being, as they undoubtedly were, at least ethnically,
Jews.>> ---------------------------------------------------------------------
<<Doctor RODERIGO LOPEZ (1525 -1594) was the Portugese Jewish doctor accused by
Essex of trying to poison Queen Elizabeth. The 69 year old Dr. Lopez was found
guilty and was summarily hung and quartered on June 7, 1594 at Tyburn. Long
before (September 1560) Dr. Lopez had been the personal house doctor of Robert
Dudley and the good doctor was obligated to write the death certificate for Amy
Robsart (stating that she had "accidentally" fallen down the stairs). That same
year (1560) a Spanish priest named RUY LOPEZ handily beat all comers at a chess
tournament in Rome. Lopez's 1561 book "Libro de la invencion liberal y arte del
Juego del Acedraz" became THE classic on Chess openings, including the one that
bears his name.
------------------------------------------------------------------- Chess
history 1530-1647 [ ] 1530 LOPEZ, Ruy b. in Zafra, Spain. Spanish priest &
leading player. 1533 Atahualpa, inca emperor of peru, imprisoned & learns chess.
1542 LEONARDO, Giovanni (a.k.a. Il Puttino/the Boy) born in Calaria. 1550
Valdiviesco, Don Antonio de, Bishop of Nicaragua, assassinated while playing
chess in his palace at Leon. 1551 Ivan IV of Russia bans chess. 1555 Castling is
introduced. 1560 Ruy Lopez visits Rome and defeats all the players. 1561 Last
time castling was 2 separate moves. 1561 Ruy Lopez proposes the 50-move rule to
claim a draw. 1561 Ruy Lopez writes his book on chess. Introduces the word
gambit. (Alcala, 1561) 1562 St Teresa, a Spanish reformer, includes chess in her
writings. 1570 Gianutto della Mantia, Horatio born in Italy. Author of Italian
chess book. 1572 Ruy Lopez defeats several eminent players in Rome. 1574 Boi and
Leonardo beat Lopez & Ceron in presence of Phillip II. 1575 Leonardo beats Ruy
Lopez in Madrid. 1575 After the Plague of Cremona, all games except chess were
banned. 1576 Boi taken prisoner, but wins his freedom playing chess. 1580
Catherine de Medici of France is a keen chess player. 1580 Ruy lopez died. 1584
Ivan the Terrible dies while starting a game of chess. 1584 Lopez's book
translated into Italian by Tarsia and published in Venice.
---------------------------------------------------------------------- <<"I have
told you, friend," said the curate, "that this is done to divert our idle
thoughts; and as in well-ordered states games of CHESS, fives, and billiards are
allowed for the diversion of those who do not care, or are not obliged, or are
unable to work, so books of this kind are allowed to be printed, on the
supposition that, what indeed is the truth, there can be nobody so ignorant as
to take any of them for true stories;>> <<"Well then," said Don Quixote, "the
same thing happens in the comedy and life of this world, where some play
emperors, others popes, and, in short, all the characters that can be brought
into a play; but when it is over, that is to say when life ends, death strips
them all of the garments that distinguish one from the other, and all are equal
in the grave." "A fine comparison!" said Sancho; "though not so new but that I
have heard it many and many a time, as well as that other one of the game of
CHESS; how, so long as the game lasts, each piece has its own particular office,
and when the game is finished they are all mixed, jumbled up and shaken
together, and stowed away in the bag, which is much like ending life in the
grave." "Thou art growing less doltish and more shrewd every day, Sancho," said
Don Quixote. "Ay," said Sancho; "it must be that some of your worship's
shrewdness sticks to me; land that, of itself, is barren and dry, will come to
yield good fruit if you dung it and till it>>
--------------------------------------------------------------------- Of all
Freemason sponsered revolutions: American, French, Bolivar, etc. . . Garibaldi's
is the most blatantly Masonic: Nostromo A Tale of the Seaboard <<After having
written so far, Don Martin Decoud, the exotic dandy of the Parisian boulevard,
got up and walked across the sanded floor of the cafe at one end of the Albergo
of United Italy, kept by Giorgio Viola, the old companion of Garibaldi. The
highly coloured lithograph of the Faithful Hero seemed to look dimly, in the
light of one candle, at the man with no faith in anything except the truth of
his own sensations. Looking out of the window, Decoud was met by a darkness so
impenetrable that he could see neither the mountains nor the town, nor yet the
buildings near the harbour; and there was not a sound, as if the tremendous
obscurity of the Placid Gulf, spreading from the waters over the land, had made
it dumb as well as blind. . . .He turned away. He could bear no longer that
expressionless and motionless stare, which seemed to have a sort of impenetrable
emptiness like the black depth of an abyss. . . . and uneasy in its corporate
expression, was overtopped by the big face of Don Juste Lopez, soft and white,
with prominent eyelids and wreathed in impenetrable solemnity as if in a dense
cloud.>> ------------------------------------------------------------------
Wisteria Lodge <<He could do little during the day, for Murillo took every
precaution and never went out save with his satellite Lucas, or Lopez as he was
known in the days of his greatness. At night, however, he slept alone, and the
avenger might find him. On a certain evening, which had been prearranged, I sent
my friend final instructions, for the man was forever on the alert and
continually changed his room. I was to see that the doors were open and the
signal of a green or white light in a window which faced the drive was to give
notice if all was safe or if the attempt had better be postponed. "But
everything went wrong with us. In some way I had excited the suspicion of Lopez,
the secretary. He crept up behind me and sprang upon me just as I had finished
the note. He and his master dragged me to my room and held judgment upon me as a
convicted traitress. Then and there they would have plunged their knives into me
could they have seen how to escape the consequences of the deed. Finally, after
much debate, they concluded that my murder was too dangerous. But they
determined to get rid forever of Garcia. They had gagged me, and Murillo twisted
my arm round until I gave him the address. I swear that he might have twisted it
off had I understood what it would mean to Garcia. Lopez addressed the note
which I had written, sealed it with his sleeve-link, and sent it by the hand of
the servant, Jose. How they murdered him I do not know, save that it was
Murillo's hand who struck him down, for Lopez had remained to guard me. I
believe he must have waited among the gorse bushes through which the path winds
and struck him down as he passed. At first they were of a mind to let him enter
the house and to kill him as a detected burglar; but they argued that if they
were mixed up in an inquiry their own identity would at once be publicly
disclosed and they would be open to further attacks. With the death of Garcia,
the pursuit might cease, since such a death might frighten others from the
task.>> ------------------------------------------------------ Art Neuendorffer

The Rock revolution happened in the Sixties (6, number of the Beast). It came
from Liverpool, that was the port base to the Titanic, destroyed by God because
of the arrogant insult of captain Smith (also from Liverpool): "Not even God can
sink my ship" (not only the captain, but also the rest of the crew and even the
orchestra playing at the Titanic were from Liverpool). The Rock revolution came
from the nation that allows a church to be changed to a pub or to a dance room
or to a recording studio full of drug addicts, homosexuals and lunatics (as that
of George Martin, ally of the Beatles). It came from the nation whose king
Enrique VIII adulterated the Bible so that divorce could be allowed and in this
way be able to give loose rein to the many divorces from his wives and
subsequent murdering of the same ones and to whom God provided a wife with six
fingers as abomination (Anne Boleyn)...once again 6, number of the Beast.... It
is interesting to observe that this nation is nicknamed "the Devil's Island". As
the epithet of the government of Satan on that nation, the center of London, the
so well-known Piccadilly Circus, takes it's name from an old brothel (the
"Piccadilla House" which means "The House of Sin"), disappeared nowadays. The
antichrist John Lennon, one of the Devil's main puppets to destroy family,
social and moral values and to begin the disintegration of mankind, did hit
Stuart Sutcliffe (the first bass player of the Beatles) in the head with a club
repeatedly in Hamburg. Some months later Sutcliffe died from brain haemorrhage
because of John Lennon's bruises. John Lennon entered stardom being a murderer.
The same demons that made captain Smith say "Not even God can sink my ship"
spoke from antichrist John Lennon (from Liverpool, base port to the Titanic)
saying: "Christianity is on the go. It will vanish and shrink. We are more
popular than Jesus and Pope"....That was the day that GOD'S CURSE fell upon the
world of Rock. One week after that declaration, ONLY ONE WEEK LATER, Brian
Epstein, forger of the Beatle farce, died from an overdose. From then on, the
Beatles began to get involved in false religions and to preach them to the
world. John Lennon's divorce followed, as well as his entering the world of
black magic, as deeply as to buy the apartment. where the "Rosemary's baby" had
been filmed, previous property of Roman Polansky, and in that same apartment
John Lennon had a room upholstered with black silk where he used to do his black
magic operations. Came the disintegration of the Beatles' minds with LSD which
has caused, among others, schizophrenic lyrics such as "I am the Walrus" and
incoherent schizophrenic musical expositions like "Revolution number 9". At the
same time, the devil acted through his other main puppets with "Sympathy for the
devil" that was when the pact of the Rolling Stones with Satan took the life of
the founder of the group, the guitarist Brian Jones (who refused to be a puppet
of the devil), murdered by people sent by Mick Jagger, another assassin.
Antichrist John Lennon followed the Devil's strategy writing lyrics such as "God
is a concept by which we measure our pain...I don't believe in Jesus, etc.,
etc.," (God) and "and no religions too..." (Imagine). Antichrist John Lennon
wanted to compete with Jesus Christ, and so he grew a beard and started to make
a bogus role of Christ together with Yoko Ono at the Amsterdam Hilton hotel
proclaiming "Peace", being then when he was visited by the Canadian journalist
who ridiculized and admonished him wanting to know about what Lennon meant when
he wrote in the lyrics of "The ballad of John and Yoko": "the way things are
going, they're going to crucify me...", The CURSE OF GOD upon John Lennon
carried on with all type of miseries and distresses which made Lennon give the
interview to the "Rolling Stone" magazine (today condensed in the "Lennon
remembers" book) where he speaks about how bad thing were going for him blaming
"whatever is up there" for it (referring to God). The CURSE OF GOD carried on
until he was shot dead. It is interesting to notice that he was shot seven
times, being seven, as well as three, the holy numbers in Holy Cabalah
tradition.... After George Harrison, said arrogantly in a video filmed in his
studio at Henley on Thames: "I want to talk about the divinity of man", he was
given throat cancer by GOD because of those words, which made metastasis and
carried on to final death.. To Paul McCartney whose company's logo was a person
toying with the planets as if he was a god, and who was being very much deluded
in his ego trip by the fact that he was made "Sir" (when in England even the
road sweeper is made Sir, as long as he produces money for the nation), GOD
provided cancer to the wife. The advertising farce of how much he loved Linda
(woman whose quality he did not deserve), was exposed when it was known that
Paul had an affair with Heather Mills, Linda's intimate friend, with whom
McCartney went on a trip to New York and to whom he bought things and presents,
while he was still mourning for his "dear Linda". At the same time McCartney was
going out with Heather Mills, he used Linda's death for promotional ends, due to
his waning popularity. Paul was going out with Heather, but in front of the
audience he played the faithful husband's masquerade pretending to suffer for
Linda, for the afore mentioned promotional ends. Paul admitted that he made
Linda suffer a lot, but he didn't say that it was because he felt insecure as a
man due to his womanish face and effeminate manners and also because with his
age his sexual power was not the same, even though it has never been much. The
early days were the days of competition between Paul and his wife and John and
his wife and he knew he had to compete with ugly John for the leadership of the
band in front of their wives and having Yoko Ono made him aware of his lack of
virility and repressed homosexuality, he grew the beard that we see in the "Let
it Be" film and started to show pictures of naked women in the same film, doing
every effort he could to be seen as a man.... It is easy to note the uneasiness
of McCartney when he sings: "I've got a feeling, a feeling I can't hide..." in
front of Yoko in the film. (He already had the traumas that his previous
girlfriend Jane Asher had caused him when she made him aware of his little
manliness and effeminate manners). Paul has such a big inferiority complex as a
man, due to his effeminate face, body and personality and due to his repressed
homosexuality, that he found himself a handicapped woman with only one leg, so
that he could stand out, being very conscious that a full woman would make him
feel the superiority of virile men again, as Jane and Linda did. This is
something that his ego trip of lucky bad musician could not face anymore....He
is very conscious that money and fame cannot buy virility and manliness. Besides
being a murderer, John Lennon had sexual intercourse with homosexual Brian
Epstein to get him interested in going to see the band at the Cavern, trauma
from which he never recovered. Because of the trauma that his homosexual
relation with Brian Epstein had left him, he made lyrics such as: "You can wear
a collar and a tie, one thing you can't hide is when you're crippled inside" and
gave declarations to the "Rolling Stone" magazine saying that "sometimes he wore
Texan boots to feel more secure as a man". The Beatles are very well known by
people close to them for their arrogance and racism. One of the manifestations
of their racism is the rejection towards Japanese Yoko Ono. That rejection got
to the point that George Harrison kicked Yoko Ono in the Apple studios during
the filming of Let it Be. When John asked George while they were having lunch
about how things were going for Paul after his separation from the Beatles and
George replied that he was number one in the Swedish hit parade, John said in a
despective manner: "ah!!.. in Sweden..", as if Sweden was an inferior place or
something alike. In the Beatles' song "Get Back" they advise black Joe to "get
back to where you once belonged", as if England was not a place for black
people. Sometimes back, Paul told George in the Apple offices that the new
generations are a bundle of idiots and useless people, but in any way they would
have also been slaves of the Beatles. The Jewish marriage living to the right of
George's house said that he is an arrogant person who does never return a
greeting. The newly married couple living on the corner in front of the entrance
of George's house (Friar Park) refers to him as an overbearing person to stay
away from. The receptionist of "Hand made", the former film making company of
George Harrison said: "we don't have any relation with that man anymore and we
don't want to know anything about him". It is interesting to note that this
company was made bankrupt by the British cinema industry due to the despotism
and pedantry of George Harrison, who believed that the cinema industry would
have worshiped him. Their chauvinisms got to the point that even they themselves
hated each other. Paul McCartney said that George Harrison is a nothing. George
Harrison said that he is tired of listening to people talk about John Lennon....
George Harrison said in a video that "Oasis is a very untalented band and they
shouldn't be playing at all", all of it being the truth, but the Beatles is also
a band of very poor musicians, if musicians at all, who could only play a couple
of elementary guitar chords and who are as untalented as Oasis. The Beatles of
the times of the "Cavern" sounded exactly as poorly as Oasis and the little
musical quality in the songs of the Beatles is due to George Martin. Without
George Martin the Beatles would have been just another untalented band as
Oasis.... Paul McCartney said recently that he believes in using magic, and he
does lots of charity, thinking that in this way he will compensate for the CURSE
OF GOD that is upon him and that took his wife's life because of his Satanism
and involvement in black magic. He thinks he will deceive people in this way, so
that the real McCartney will not be perceived. Is the old Devil attempting to
disguise as good in front of people. Satan deceiving mankind once again, as so
many other thousands of times through the centuries.... After the Devil began
his devastating job from the ghostly "Devil's Island" through his nine main
puppets (Beatles-Rolling Stones), he possessed an endless amount of other
schizophrenic bad musician in the afore mentioned Island and weakening their
conscience with drugs, he made them proclaimers of homosexuality, aversion to
religion, destruction of family values, dissipation, mental illness,
antisocialism, etc., etc., The fact that bad apprentice musicians such as the
Beatles and the Rolling Stones achieved such a giant fame that not even the real
quality musicians could achieve, was because the forces of Satan were behind
everything, supporting the process. This mentally ill humanity, destroyed
families, twisted moral values, manifest or repressed homosexuality in human
beings, anti natural feminism rebellion, drug addiction, corrupt social
outlines, mad youths without direction, non respect to hierarchies, convulsed
nations, misanthropy, misogyny, paedophilia, irrational and feeble
lasciviousness and all other type of existent aberrations, are due to the vast
manoeuvre that Satan executed through his main marionettes the Beatles and the
Rolling Stones, from the Devil's Island. If you wonder why there is misery and
curse in your house, it is because you own some L.P, CD or another article
related to the CURSED BY GOD Beatles and Rolling Stones. We recommend you to
take that curse out of your house throwing away everything related to the
Devil's main nine puppets.... You have been warned... THE HIGH COURT. (The Five
Judges) For the sake of mankind, you should email our verdict to your friends. 

Email: yamwhatiyam <pop...@spinach.eat> Groups: alt.consumers, ba.consumers,
misc.consumers, misc.consumers.frugal-living Attack on Iran: A Looming Folly By
William Rivers Pitt t r u t h o u t | Perspective Monday 09 January 2006 The
wires have been humming since before the New Year with reports that the Bush
administration is planning an attack on Iran. "The Bush administration is
preparing its NATO allies for a possible military strike against suspected
nuclear sites in Iran in the New Year, according to German media reports,
reinforcing similar earlier suggestions in the Turkish media," reported UPI on
December 30th. "The Berlin daily Der Tagesspiegel this week," continued UPI,
"quoted 'NATO intelligence sources' who claimed that the NATO allies had been
informed that the United States is currently investigating all possibilities of
bringing the mullah-led regime into line, including military options. This 'all
options are open' line has been President George W Bush's publicly stated policy
throughout the past 18 months." An examination of the ramifications of such an
attack is desperately in order. 1. Blowback in Iraq The recent elections in Iraq
were dominated by an amalgam of religiously fundamentalist Shi'ite
organizations, principally the Dawa Party and the Supreme Council for Islamic
Revolution in Iraq (SCIRI). Both Dawa and SCIRI have umbilical connections to
the fundamentalist Shi'ite leadership in Iran that go back decades. In essence,
Iran now owns a significant portion of the Iraqi government. Should the United
States undertake military action against Iran, the ramifications in Iraq would
be immediate and extreme. In the first eight days of January, eighteen US troops
have been killed in Iraq, compounded by another twelve deaths from a Black Hawk
helicopter crash on Saturday. Much of the violence aimed at American forces is
coming from disgruntled Sunni factions that have their own militias, believe the
last elections were a sham, and hold little political power in the government.
If the US attacks Iran, it is probable that American forces - already taxed by
attacks from Sunni factions - will also face reprisal attacks in Iraq from
Shi'ite factions loyal to Iran. The result will be a dramatic escalation in US
and civilian casualties, US forces will be required to bunker themselves further
into their bases, and US forces will find themselves required to fight the very
government they just finished helping into power. Iraq, already a seething
cauldron, will sink further into chaos. 2. Iran's Armaments Unlike Iraq, Iran
has not spent the last fifteen years having its conventional forces worn down by
grueling sanctions, repeated attacks, and two American-led wars. While Iran's
conventional army is not what it was during the heyday of the Iran-Iraq war -
their armaments have deteriorated and the veterans of that last war have retired
- the nation enjoys substantial military strength nonetheless. According to a
report issued by the Center for Strategic and International Studies in December
of 2004, Iran "has some 540,000 men under arms and over 350,000 reserves. They
include 120,000 Iranian Revolutionary Guards trained for land and naval
asymmetrical warfare. Iran's military also includes holdings of 1,613 main
battle tanks, 21,600 other armored fighting vehicles, 3,200 artillery weapons,
306 combat aircraft, 60 attack helicopters, 3 submarines, 59 surface combatants,
and 10 amphibious ships." "Iran is now the only regional military power that
poses a significant conventional military threat to Gulf stability," continued
the CSIS report. "Iran has significant capabilities for asymmetric warfare, and
poses the additional threat of proliferation. There is considerable evidence
that it is developing both a long-range missile force and a range of weapons of
mass destruction. It has never properly declared its holdings of chemical
weapons, and the status of its biological weapons programs is unknown." A MILNET
brief issued in February 2005 reports, "Due to its position astride the Persian
Gulf, Iran has constantly been a threat to the Gulf. The so called 'Tanker' wars
in the late 1980s put Iran squarely in the bullseye of all nations seeking to
transport oil out of the region. Even the small navy that Iran puts to sea is
capable enough to harass shipping, and several cases of small boat operations
against oil well heads in the Gulf during that period made it clear small
asymmetrical tactics of the Iranian Navy could be quite effective." "More
concerning," continued the MILNET brief, "is the priority placed on expanding
and modernizing its Navy. The CSIS report cites numerous areas where Iran has
funded modernization including the most troublesome aspect, anti-shipping cruise
missiles: 'Iran has obtained new anti-ship missiles and missile patrol craft
from China, midget submarines from North Korea, submarines from Russia, and
modern mines.'" It is Iran's missile armaments that pose the greatest concern
for American forces in the Gulf, especially for the US Navy. Iran's coast facing
the Persian Gulf is a looming wall of mountains that look down upon any naval
forces arrayed in those waters. The Gulf itself only has one exit, the Strait of
Hormuz, which is also dominated by the mountainous Iranian coastline. In
essence, Iran holds the high ground in the Gulf. Missile batteries arrayed in
those mountains could raise bloody havoc with any fleet deployed below. Of all
the missiles in Iran's armament, the most dangerous is the Russian-made SS-N-22
Sunburn. These missiles are, simply, the fastest anti-ship weapons on the
planet. The Sunburn can reach Mach 3 at high altitude. Its maximum low-altitude
speed is Mach 2.2, some three times faster than the American-made Harpoon. The
Sunburn takes two short minutes to cover its full range. The missile's
manufacturers state that one or two missiles could cripple a destroyer, and five
missiles could sink a 20,000 ton ship. The Sunburn is also superior to the
Exocet missile. Recall that it was two Exocets that ripped the USS Stark to
shreds in 1987, killing 37 sailors. The Stark could not see them to stop them.
The US aircraft carrier Theodore Roosevelt is currently deployed in the Persian
Gulf, with some 7,000 souls aboard. Sailing with the Roosevelt is the Tarawa
Expeditionary Strike Force, which includes the USS Tarawa, the USS Austin, and
the USS Pearl Harbor. The USS Austin is likewise deployed in the Gulf. The
Sunburn missile, with its incredible speed and ability to avoid radar detection,
would do terrible damage these ships if Iran chooses to retaliate in the Gulf
after an American attack within its borders. Beyond the naval threat is the
possibility of Iran throwing its military muscle into the ongoing struggle in
Iraq. Currently, the US is facing an asymmetrical attack from groups wielding
small arms, shoulder-fired grenades and roadside bombs. The vaunted American
military has suffered 2,210 deaths and tens of thousands of wounded from this
form of warfare. The occupation of Iraq has become a guerrilla war, a siege that
has lasted more than a thousand days. If Iran decides to throw any or all of its
23,000 armored fighting vehicles, along with any or all of its nearly
million-strong army, into the Iraq fray, the situation in the Middle East could
become unspeakably dire. 3. The Syrian Connection In February of 2005, Iran and
Syria agreed upon a mutual protection pact to combat "challenges and threats" in
the region. This was a specific reaction to the American invasion of Iraq, and a
reaction to America's condemnation of Syria after the death of Lebanese Prime
Minister Rafik Hariri, which was widely seen as an assassination ordered from
Damascus. An attack on Iran would trigger this mutual defense pact, and could
conceivably bring Syria into direct conflict with American forces. Like Iran,
Syria's military is nothing to scoff at. Virtually every credible analysis has
Syria standing as the strongest military force in the Middle East after Israel.
Damascus has been intent for years upon establishing significant military
strength to serve as a counterweight to Israel's overwhelming capabilities. As
of 2002, Syria had some 215,000 soldiers under arms, 4,700 tanks, and a massive
artillery capability. The Syrian Air Force is comprised of ten to eleven
fighter/attack squadrons and sixteen fighter squadrons, totaling somewhere near
650 aircraft. Syria also possesses one of the largest arsenals of ballistic
missiles in the region, comprised primarily of SCUD-derived systems. Iran, North
Korea and China have been willing providers of state-of-the-art technologies.
Compounding this is the well-based suspicion that Syria has perhaps the most
advanced chemical weapons capability in the Persian Gulf. 4. China and the US
Economy While the ominous possibilities of heightened Iraqi chaos, missiles in
the Gulf, and Syrian involvement loom large if the US attacks Iran, all pale in
comparison to the involvement of China in any US/Iran engagement. China's
economy is exploding, hampered only by their great thirst for petroleum and
natural gas to fuel their industry. In the last several months, China has inked
deals with Iran for $70 billion dollars worth of Iranian oil and natural gas.
China will purchase 250 million tons of liquefied natural gas from Iran over the
next 30 years, will develop the massive Yadavaran oil field in Iran, and will
receive 150,000 barrels of oil per day from that field. China is seeking the
construction of a pipeline from Iran to the Caspian Sea, where it would link
with another planned pipeline running from Kazakhstan to China. Any US attack on
Iran could be perceived by China as a direct threat to its economic health.
Further, any fighting in the Persian Gulf would imperil the tankers running
China's liquefied natural gas through the Strait of Hormuz. Should China decide
to retaliate against the US to defend its oil and natural gas deal with Iran,
the US would be faced with a significant threat. This threat exists not merely
on a military level, though China could force a confrontation in the Pacific by
way of Taiwan. More significantly, China holds a large portion of the American
economy in the palm of its hand. Paul Craig Roberts, writing for The American
Conservative, said in July of 2005 that "As a result of many years of persistent
trade surpluses with the United States, the Japanese government holds dollar
reserves of approximately $1 trillion. China's accumulation of dollars is
approximately $600 billion. South Korea holds about $200 billion. These sums
give these countries enormous leverage over the United States. By dumping some
portion of their reserves, these countries could put the dollar under intense
pressure and send U.S. interest rates skyrocketing. Washington would really have
to anger Japan and Korea to provoke such action, but in a showdown with China -
over Taiwan, for example - China holds the cards. China and Japan, and the world
at large, have more dollar reserves than they require. They would have no
problem teaching a hegemonic superpower a lesson if the need arose." "The
hardest blow on Americans," concluded Roberts, "will fall when China does
revalue its currency. When China's currency ceases to be undervalued, American
shoppers in Wal-Mart, where 70 percent of the goods on the shelves are made in
China, will think they are in Neiman Marcus. Price increases will cause a
dramatic reduction in American real incomes. If this coincides with rising
interest rates and a setback in the housing market, American consumers will
experience the hardest times since the Great Depression." In short, China has
the American economy by the throat. Should they decide to squeeze, we will all
feel it. China's strong hand in this even extends to the diplomatic realm; China
is a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council, and could veto any
actions against Iran proposed by the United States. 5. American Preparedness
American citizens have for decades taken it as a given that our military can
overwhelm and overcome any foe on the battlefield. The rapid victory during the
first Gulf War cemented this perception. The last three years of the Iraq
occupation, however, have sapped this confidence. Worse, the occupation has done
great damage to the strength of the American military, justifying the decrease
in confidence. Thanks to repeated deployments to Iraq and Afghanistan,
recruiting is at an all-time low. Soldiers with vital training and know-how are
refusing to re-enlist. Across the board, the American military is stretched to
the breaking point. Two vaunted economists - one a Nobel Prize winner and the
other a nationally renowned budget expert - have analyzed the data at hand and
put a price tag on the Iraq occupation. According to Linda Bilmes of Harvard and
Nobel Laureate Joseph E. Stiglitz of Columbia University, the final cost of the
Iraq occupation will run between $1 trillion and $2 trillion, surpassing by
orders of magnitude the estimates put forth by the Bush administration. If an
engagement with Iran envelops our forces in Iraq, and comes to involve Syria,
our economy will likely shatter under the strain of fighting so many countries
simultaneously. Add to this the economic threat posed by China, and the economic
threat implicit in any substantial disruption of the distribution of Mideast
petroleum to the globe. If Iran and Syria - with their significant armaments,
missile technologies and suspected chemical weapons capabilities - decide to
engage with the relatively undersized US force in Iraq, our troops there will be
fish in a barrel. Iran's position over the Gulf would make resupply by ship and
air support from carriers a dangerous affair. In the worst-case scenario, the
newly-minted American order of battle requiring the use of nuclear weapons to
rescue a surrounded and imperiled force could come into play, hurling the entire
planet into military and diplomatic bedlam. Conclusion: Is Any of This Possible?
The question must be put as directly as possible: what manner of maniac would
undertake a path so fraught with peril and potential economic catastrophe? It is
difficult to imagine a justification for any action that could envelop the
United States in a military and economic conflict with Iraq, Iran, Syria and
China simultaneously. Iran is suspected by many nations of working towards the
development of nuclear weapons, but even this justification has been tossed into
a cocked hat. Recently, Russian president Vladimir Putin bluntly stated that
Iran is not developing its nuclear capability for any reasons beyond peaceful
energy creation, and pledged to continue assisting Iran in this endeavor.
Therefore, any attack upon Iran's nuclear facilities will bring Russia into the
mess. Iran also stands accused of aiding terrorism across the globe. The dangers
implicit in any attack upon that nation, however, seem to significantly offset
whatever gains could be made in the so-called "War on Terror." Unfortunately,
all the dangers in the world are no match for the self-assurance of a
bubble-encased zealot. What manner of maniac would undertake such a dangerous
course? Look no further than 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. George W. Bush and his
administration have consistently undertaken incredibly dangerous courses of
action in order to garner political power on the home front. Recall the multiple
terror threats lobbed out by the administration whenever damaging political news
appeared in the media. More significantly, recall Iraq. Karl Rove, Bush's most
senior advisor, notoriously told Republicans on the ballot during the 2002
midterms to "run on the war." The invasion of Iraq provided marvelous political
cover for the GOP not only during those midterms, but during the 2004
Presidential election. What kind of political cover would be gained from an
attack on Iran, and from the diversion of attention to that attack? The answer
lies in one now-familiar name: Jack Abramoff. The Abramoff scandal threatens to
subsume all the hard-fought GOP gains in Congress, and the 2006 midterms are
less than a year away. Is any of this a probability? Logic says no, but logic
seldom plays any part in modern American politics. All arguments that the Bush
administration would be insane to attack Iran and risk a global conflagration
for the sake of political cover run into one unavoidable truth. They did it once
already in Iraq. 

By Graydon Carter (excepted from "What We've Lost", published by Little Brown)
68.4 - Average Number of species added to the Endangered and Threatened Species
list each year between 1991 and 2000. 0 - Number of endangered species
voluntarily added by the Bush administration since taking office. 408 - Number
of species that could be extinct by 2050 if the global-warming trend continues.
0 - Number of times Bush mentioned global warming, clean air, clean water,
pollution or environment in his 2004 State of the Union speech. His father was
the last president to go through an entire State of the Union address without
mentioning the environment. 1 - Number of paragraphs devoted to global warming
in the EPA's 600-page "Draft Report on the Environment" presented in 2003. 68 -
Number of days after taking office that Bush decided Not to ratify the Kyoto
Protocol, the international treaty to reduce greenhouse gases by roughly 5.2 per
cent below 1990 levels by 2012. The United States was to cut its level by 7 per
cent. 1 The rank of the United States worldwide in terms of greenhouse gas
emissions. 25 - Percentage of overall worldwide carbon dioxide emissions the
United States is responsible for. 53 - Number of days after taking office that
Bush reneged on his campaign promise to regulate carbon dioxide emissions from
power plants. 14 - Percentage carbon dioxide emissions will increase over the
next 10 years under Bush's own global-warming plan (an increase of 30 per cent
above their 1990 levels). 5 - Number of years the Bush administration said in
2003 that global warming must be further studied before substantive action could
be taken. $44m- Amount the Bush-Cheney 2000 campaign and the Republican National
Committee received in contributions from the fossil fuel, chemical, timber, and
mining industries. 200 - Number of regulation rollbacks downgrading or weakening
environmental laws in Bush's first three years in office. 31 - Number of Bush
administration appointees who are alumni of the energy industry (includes four
cabinet secretaries, the six most powerful White House officials, and more than
20 other high-level appointees). 50= Approximate number of policy changes and
regulation rollbacks injurious to the environment that have been announced by
the Bush administration on Fridays after 5pm, a time that makes it all but
impossible for news organisations to relay the information to the widest
possible audience. 50 - Percentage decline in Environmental Protection Agency
enforcement actions against polluters under Bush's watch. 34 - Percentage
decline in criminal penalties for environmental crimes since Bush took office.
50 - Percentage decline in civil penalties for environmental crimes since Bush
took office. $6.1m - Amount the EPA historically valued each human life when
conducting economic analyses of proposed regulations. $3.7m - Amount the EPA
valued each human life when conducting analyses of proposed regulations during
the Bush administration. 62 - Number of members of Cheney's 63-person Energy
Task Force with ties to corporate energy interests. 0 - Number of
environmentalists asked to attend Cheney's Energy Task Force meetings. 6 -
Number of months before 11 September that Cheney's Energy Task Force
investigated Iraq's oil reserves. 2 - Percentage of the world's population that
is British. 2 - Percentage of the world's oil used by Britain. 5 - Percentage of
the world's population that is American. 25 - Percentage of the world's oil used
by America. 63 - Percentage of oil the United States imported in 2003, a record
high. 24,000 - Estimated number of premature deaths that will occur under Bush's
Clear Skies initiative. 300 - Number of Clean Water Act violations by the
mountaintop-mining industry in 2003. 750,000 - Tons of toxic waste the US
military, the world's biggest polluter, generates around the world each year.
$3.8bn - Amount in the Superfund trust fund for toxic site clean-ups in 1995,
the Year "polluter pays" fees expired. $0 - Amount of uncommitted dollars in the
Superfund trust fund for toxic site clean-ups in 2003. 270 - Estimated number of
court decisions citing federal Negligence in endangered-species protection that
remained unheeded during the first year of the Bush administration. 100 -
Percentage of those decisions that Bush then decided to allow the government to
ignore indefinitely. 50- Percentage of screened workers at Ground Zero who now
suffer from long-term health problems, almost half of whom don't have health
insurance. 78 - Percentage of workers at Ground Zero who now suffer from lung
ailments. 88 - Percentage of workers at Ground Zero who Now suffer from ear,
nose, or throat problems. 22 - Asbestos levels at Ground Zero were 22 times
higher than the levels in Libby, Montana, where the W R Grace mine produced one
of the worst Superfund disasters in US history. 1 - Number of Bush
administration public statements on National security issued between 20 January
2001 and 10 September 2001 that mentioned al-Qa'ida. 104 - Number of Bush
administration public statements on National security and defense in the same
period that mentioned Iraq or Saddam Hussein. 101 - Number of Bush
administration public statements on National security and defense in the same
period that mentioned missile defence. 65 - Number of Bush administration public
statements on National security and defense in the same period that mentioned
weapons of mass destruction. 0 - Number of times Bush mentioned Osama bin Laden
in his three State of the Union addresses. 73 - Number of times that Bush
mentioned terrorism or terrorists in his three State of the Union addresses. 83
- Number of times Bush mentioned Saddam, Iraq, or regime (as in change) in his
three State of the Union addresses. $1m - Estimated value of a painting the Bush
Presidential Library in College Station, Texas, received from Prince Bandar,
Saudi Arabia's ambassador to the United States and Bush family friend. 0 -
Number of times Bush mentioned Saudi Arabia in his three State of the Union
addresses. 1,700- Percentage increase between 2001 and 2002 of Saudi Arabian
spending on public relations in the United States. 79 - Percentage of the 11
September hijackers who came from Saudi Arabia. 3 = Number of 11 September
hijackers whose entry visas came through special US-Saudi "Visa Express"
programme. 140 - Number of Saudis, including members of the Bin Laden family,
evacuated from United States almost immediately after 11 September. 14 - Number
of Immigration and Naturalisation Service (INS) agents assigned to track down
1,200 known illegal immigrants in the United States from countries where
al-Qa'ida is active. $3m - Amount the White House was willing to grant the 9/11
Commission to investigate the 11 September attacks. $0 - Amount approved by
George Bush to hire more INS special agents. $10m- Amount Bush cut from the
INS's existing terrorism budget. $50m - Amount granted to the commission that
looked into the Columbia space shuttle crash. $5m - Amount a 1996 federal
commission was given to study legalised gambling. 7 - Number of Arabic linguists
fired by the US army between mid-August and mid-October 2002 for being gay.
George Bush: Military man 1972 - Year that Bush walked away from his pilot
duties in the Texas National Guard, Nearly two years before his six-year
obligation was up. $3,500 - Reward a group of veterans offered in 2000 for
anyone who could confirm Bush's Alabama guard service. 600-700 - Number of
guardsmen who were in Bush's unit during that period. 0 - Number of guardsmen
from that period who came forward with information about Bush's guard service. 0
- Number of minutes that President Bush, Vice-President Dick Cheney, the Defence
Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, the assistant Defence Secretary, Paul Wolfowitz, the
former chairman of the Defence Policy Board, Richard Perle, and the White House
Chief of Staff, Karl Rove - the main proponents of the war in Iraq -served in
combat (combined). 0 - Number of principal civilian or Pentagon staff members
who planned the war who have immediate family members serving in uniform in
Iraq. 8 - Number of members of the US Senate and House of Representatives who
have a child serving in the military. 10 - Number of days that the Pentagon
spent investigating a soldier who had called the President "a joke" in a letter
to the editor of a Newspaper. 46 - Percentage increase in sales between 2001 and
2002 of GI Joe figures (children's toys). Ambitious warrior 2 - Number of
Nations that George Bush has attacked and taken over since coming into office.
130 - Approximate Number of countries (out of a total of 191 recognised by the
United Nations) with a US military presence. 43 - Percentage of the entire
world's military spending that the US spends on defence. (That was in 2002, the
year before the invasion of Iraq.) $401.3b - Proposed military budget for 2004.
Saviour of Iraq 1983 - The year in which Donald Rumsfeld, Ronald Reagan's
special envoy to the Middle East, gave Saddam Hussein a pair of golden spurs as
a gift. 2.5 - Number of hours after Rumsfeld learnt that Osama bin Laden was a
suspect in the 11 September attacks that he brought up reasons to "hit" Iraq.
237 - Minimum number of misleading statements on Iraq made by top Bush
administration officials between 2002 and January 2004, according to the
California Representative Henry Waxman. 10m - Estimated number of people
worldwide who took to the streets on 21 February 2003, in opposition to the
invasion of Iraq, the largest simultaneous protest in world history. $2b -
Estimated monthly cost of US military presence in Iraq projected by the White
House in April 2003. $4b - Actual monthly cost of the US military presence in
Iraq according to Secretary of Defence Rumsfeld in 2004. $15m - Amount of a
contract awarded to an American firm to build a cement factory in Iraq. $80,000
- Amount an Iraqi firm spent (using Saddam's confiscated funds) to build the
same factory, after delays prevented the American firm from starting it. 2000 -
Year that Cheney said his policy as CEO of Halliburton oil services company was
"we wouldn't do anything in Iraq". $4.7b - Total value of contracts awarded to
Halliburton in Iraq and Afghanistan. $680m - Estimated value of Iraq
reconstruction contracts awarded to Bechtel. $2.8b - Value of Bechtel Corp
contracts in Iraq. $120b - Amount the war and its aftermath are projected to
cost for the 2004 fiscal year. 35 - Number of countries to which the United
States suspended military assistance after they failed to sign agreements giving
Americans immunity from prosecution before the International Criminal Court. 92
- Percentage of Iraq's urban areas with access to potable water in late 2002. 60
- Percentage of Iraq's urban areas with access to potable water in late 2003. 55
- Percentage of the Iraqi workforce who were unemployed before the war. 80 -
Percentage of the Iraqi workforce who are unemployed a Year after the war. 0 -
Number of American combat deaths in Germany after the Nazi surrender in May
1945. 37 - Death toll of US soldiers in Iraq in May 2003, the month combat
operations "officially" ended. 0 - Number of coffins of dead soldiers returning
home that the Bush administration has permitted to be photographed. 0 - Number
of memorial services for the returned dead that Bush has attended since the
beginning of the war. A soldier's best friend 40,000 - Number of soldiers in
Iraq seven months after start of the war still without Interceptor vests,
designed to stop a round from an AK-47. $60m - Estimated cost of outfitting
those 40,000 soldiers with Interceptor vests. 62 - Percentage of gas masks that
army investigators discovered did Not work properly in autumn 2002. 90 -
Percentage of detectors which give early warning of a biological weapons attack
found to be defective. 87 - Percentage of Humvees in Iraq not equipped with
armour capable of stopping AK-47 rounds and protecting against roadside bombs
and landmines at the end of 2003. Making the country safer $3.29- Average amount
allocated per person Nationwide in the first round of homeland security grants.
$94.40 - Amount allocated per person for homeland security in American Samoa.
$36 - Amount allocated per person for homeland security in Wyoming,
Vice-President Cheney's home state. $17 - Amount allocated per person in New
York state. $5.87 - Amount allocated per person in New York City. $77.92 -
Amount allocated per person in New Haven, Connecticut, home of Yale University,
Bush's alma mater. 76 - Percentage of 215 cities surveyed by the US Conference
of Mayors in early 2004 that had yet to receive a dime in federal homeland
security assistance for their first-response units. 5 - Number of major US
airports at the beginning of 2004 that the Transportation Security
Administration admitted were Not fully screening baggage electronically. 22,600
- Number of planes carrying unscreened cargo that fly into New York each month.
5 - Estimated Percentage of US air cargo that is screened, including cargo
transported on passenger planes. 95 - Percentage of foreign goods that arrive in
the United States by sea. 2 - Percentage of those goods subjected to thorough
inspection. $5.5b - Estimated cost to secure fully US ports over the Next
decade. $0 - Amount Bush allocated for port security in 2003. $46m - Amount the
Bush administration has budgeted for port security in 2005. 15,000 - Number of
major chemical facilities in the United States. 100 - Number of US chemical
plants where a terrorist act could endanger the lives of more than one million
people. 0 - Number of new drugs or vaccines against "priority pathogens" listed
by the Centres for Disease Control that have been developed and introduced since
11 September 2001. Giving a hand up to the advantaged $10.9m - Average wealth of
the members of Bush's original 16-person cabinet. 75 - Percentage of Americans
unaffected by Bush's sweeping 2003 cuts in capital gains and dividends taxes.
$42,000 - Average savings members of Bush's cabinet received in 2003 as a result
of cuts in capital gains and dividends taxes. 10 - Number of fellow members from
the Yale secret society Skull and Bones that Bush has named to important
positions (including the Associate Attorney General Robert McCallum Jr. and SEC
chief Bill Donaldson). 79 - Number of Bush's initial 189 appointees who also
served in his father's administration. A man with a lot of friends $113m -
Amount of total hard money the Bush-Cheney 2000 campaign received, a record.
$11.5m - Amount of hard money raised through the Pioneer programme, the
controversial fund-raising process created for the Bush-Cheney 2000 campaign.
(Participants pledged to raise at least $100,000 by bundling together cheques of
up to $1,000 from friends and family. Pioneers were assigned numbers, which were
included on all cheques, enabling the campaign to keep track of who raised how
much.) George Bush: Money manager 4.7m - Number of bankruptcies that were
declared during Bush's first three years in office. 2002 - The worst year for
major markets since the recession of the 1970s. $489b - The US trade deficit in
2003, the worst in history for a single year. $5.6t - Projected national surplus
forecast by the end of the decade when Bush took office in 2001. $7.22t - US
national debt by mid-2004. George Bush: Tax cutter 87 - Percentage of American
families in April 2004 who say they have felt no benefit from Bush's tax cuts.
39 - Percentage of tax cuts that will go to the top 1 per cent of American
families when fully phased in. 49 - Percentage of Americans in April 2004 who
found that their taxes had actually gone up since Bush took office. 88 -
Percentage of American families who will save less than $100 on their 2006
federal taxes as a result of 2003 cut in capital gains and dividends taxes.
$30,858 - Amount Bush himself saved in taxes in 2003. Employment tsar 9.3m -
Number of US unemployed in April 2004. 2.3m - Number of Americans who lost their
jobs during first three Years of the Bush administration. 22m - Number of jobs
gained during Clinton's eight years in office. Friend of the poor 34.6m - Number
of Americans living below the poverty line (1 in 8 of the population). 6.8m -
Number of people in the workforce but still classified as poor. 35m - Number of
Americans that the government defines as "food insecure," in other words,
hungry. $300m - Amount cut from the federal programme that provides subsidies to
poor families so they can heat their homes. 40 - Percentage of wealth in the
United States held by the richest 1 per cent of the population. 18 - Percentage
of wealth in Britain held by the richest 1e per cent of the population. George
Bush And his special friend $60b - Loss to Enron stockholders, following the
largest bankruptcy in US history. $205m - Amount Enron CEO Kenneth Lay earned
from stock option profits over a four-year period. $101m - Amount Lay made from
selling his Enron shares just before the company went bankrupt. $59,339 - Amount
the Bush campaign reimbursed Enron for 14 trips on its corporate jet during the
2000 campaign. 30 - Length of time in months between Enron's collapse and Lay
(whom the President called "Kenny Boy") still not being charged with a crime.
George Bush: Lawman 15 - Average number of minutes Bush spent reviewing capital
punishment cases while governor of Texas. 46 - Percentage of Republican federal
judges when Bush came to office. 57 - Percentage of Republican federal judges
after three years of the Bush administration. 33 - Percentage of the $15bn Bush
pledged to fight Aids in Africa that must go to abstinence-only programmes. The
Civil libertarian 680 - Number of suspected al-Qa'ida members that the United
States admits are detained at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba. 42 - Number of nationalities
of those detainees at Guantanamo. 22 - Number of hours prisoners were
handcuffed, shackled, and made to wear surgical masks, earmuffs, and blindfolds
during their flight to Guantanamo. 32 - Number of confirmed suicide attempts by
Guantanamo Bay prisoners. 24 - Number of prisoners in mid-2003 being monitored
by psychiatrists in Guantanamo's new mental ward. A health-conscious president
43.6m - Number of Americans without health insurance by the end of 2002 (more
than 15 per cent of the population). 2.4m - Number of Americans who lost their
health insurance during Bush's first year in office. Image booster for the US
2,500- Number of public-diplomacy officers employed by the State Department to
further the image of the US abroad in 1991. 1,200 - Number of public-diplomacy
officers employed by the State Department to further US image abroad in 2004. 4-
Rank of the United States among countries considered to be the greatest threats
to world peace according to a 2003 Pew Global Attitudes study (Israel, Iran, and
North Korea were considered more dangerous; Iraq was considered less dangerous).
$66b - Amount the United States spent on international aid and diplomacy in
1949. $23.8b - Amount the United States spent on international aid and diplomacy
in 2002. 85- Percentage of Indonesians who had an unfavourable image of the
United States in 2003. Second-party endorsements 90 - Percentage of Americans
who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 26 September
2001. 67 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his
job as president on 26 September 2002. 54 - Percentage of Americans who approved
of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 30 September, 2003. 50 -
Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as
president on 15 October 2003. 49 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the
way Bush was handling his job as president in May 2004. More like the French
than he would care to admit 28 - Number of vacation days Bush took in August
2003, the second-longest vacation of any president in US history. (Record holder
Richard Nixon.) 13 - Number of vacation days the average American receives each
Year. 28 - Number of vacation days Bush took in August 2001, the month he
received a 6 August Presidential Daily Briefing headed "Osama bin Laden
Determined to Strike US Targets." 500 - Number of days Bush has spent all or
part of his time away from the White House at his ranch in Crawford, Texas, his
parents' retreat in Kennebunkport, Maine, or Camp David as of 1 April 2004. No
fool when it comes to the press 11 - Number of press conferences during his
first three years in office in which Bush referred to questions as being "trick"
ones. Factors in his favor 3 - Number of companies that control the US voting
technology market. 52 - Percentage of votes cast during the 2002 midterm
elections that were recorded by Election Systems & Software, the largest
voting-technology firm, a big Republican donor. 29 - Percentage of votes that
will be cast via computer voting machines that don't produce a paper record. 17
- On 17 November 2001, The Economist printed a correction for having said George
Bush was properly elected in 2000. $113m- Amount raised by the Bush-Cheney 2000
campaign, the most in American electoral history. $185m - Amount raised by the
Bush-Cheney 2004 re-election campaign, to the end of March 2004. $200m - Amount
that the Bush-Cheney 2004 campaign expects to raise by November 2004. 268 Number
of Bush-Cheney fund-raisers who had earned Pioneer status (by raising $100,000
each) as of March 2004. 187 - Number of Bush-Cheney fund-raisers who had earned
Ranger status (by raising $200,000 each) as of March 2004. $64.2m - The Amount
Pioneers and Rangers had raised for Bush-Cheney as of March 2004. 85 -
Percentage of Americans who can't Name the Chief Justice of the United States.
69 - Percentage of Americans who believed the White House's claims in September
2003 that Saddam Hussein was personally involved in the 11 September attacks. 34
- Percentage of Americans who believed in June 2003 that Saddam's "weapons of
mass destruction" had been found. 22- Percentage of Americans who believed in
May 2003 that Saddam had used his WMDs on US forces. 85 - Percentage of American
young adults who cannot find Afghanistan, Iraq, or Israel on a map. 30 -
Percentage of American young adults who cannot find the Pacific Ocean on a map.
75 - Percentage of American young adults who don't know the population of the
United States. 53 - Percentage of Canadian young adults who don't know the
population of the United States. 11 - Percentage of American young adults who
cannot find the United States on a map. 30 - Percentage of Americans who believe
that "politics and government are too complicated to understand." Another factor
in his favor 70m - Estimated number of Americans who describe themselves as
Evangelicals who accept Jesus Christ as their personal saviour and who interpret
the Bible as the direct word of God. 23m - Number of Evangelicals who voted for
Bush in 2000. 50m- Number of voters in total who voted for Bush in 2000. 46 -
Percentage of voters who describe themselves as born-again Christians. 5 -
Number of states that do not use the word "evolution" in public school science
courses. 

My dad just doesn't understand? Ugh my dad is so stupid... he just doesn't
understand anything! I have 5 sisters and so including my mom... he is the only
guy in a house of six females. Now I'm the youngest and I just got my period so
now we all have ours and he thinks it's a good thing? He's always like "ohh you
must be so happy to finally have yours, I wish I had mine!" and he isn't even
joking. I think just living in a house with so many girls is making him go
crazy? Yep, the females are just getting to him... dads.. Don't blame him
please, he feels lonely and wants to show his attention to all of you to look
after you, please forgive and sympathy if he miss something. I am sorry for him,
he is a good dad 

Equine collages uk NEED HELP!!!? Can somebody give me the names some collages
that do post 18 (degrees or foundation degrees) in either: Horse
behaviour/training or Equine psychology No one employs people from Hartpury
because of what they received on work experience. Merrist Wood (I'm there on a
NVQ equine course) do HND in equine management. Your best bet is to look on UCAS
and do a course search. Merrist Wood in Woking in Surrey. Moreton Morrell in
Coventry, Warwickshire Hartpury College (I think that is the name, but if you
type it in it should come up with an alternative suggestion), in
Gloucestershire. Go onto the UCAS website, go onto course search and search for
the courses you want to do. They'll give you a comprehensive list of all the
universities that do the courses you want, plus all the information you need to
apply. 

Besides from Pacquiao, what else is The Philipines famous for? Cheap hookers You
shouldn't ask this question it's intimidating, if i tell you what people knows
about Philippines you will blush, thank god many thinks i'm japanese just
because of the way i keep myself, the way i talk and treat people, and the way i
dress, so if you don't want nasty, insulting answers especially from those
undesirable migrants like puttagenius, caloy, gro science, and irene. In fact
Philippines is famous to accept people like these people i mentioned whose not
filipinos but helping the Philippines to plunge in the pit as they are the rot
of the country.They need to be expulse from the country and if they are not
there they should be banned entering the country to plant their eggs, as they
are considered as the rotten left overs of dinasaurs Being the texting capital
of the world. 

Would you recommend living in Limerick as a student? I've been given the
opportunity to live in Limerick, Ireland, next year as part of my course..if you
know about Limerick, what are the pros and cons? and would you recommend it as a
student? The L.I.T is so close to Moyross, yet again the ppl who talk sh*t about
Moyross still go there. Limerick's a great student city, there's loads on,
you'll be spoilt for choice. In fact, you probably won't ever want to leave.
Orla got it in one. Although there is 'bad press' directing at AREA'S of
limerick, but nowhere near the university. Limerick is such a full city,
shopping, night life, career choices, social choices, I came here about 12 years
ago for college.....and Orla got it spot on, I haven't left, nor would I. Its
now my home. 

My myTouch 4G crashes with most custom ROMs I install. Can that be fixed? I
really like the MIUI, but a process crashes repeatedly about every 3 seconds.
And I can't even load the newest version of Cyanogen Mod. not by the company...
as you voided your warrenty by installing custom roms you are best to either
recover to the standard ROM, or find one that doesn't crash. cynangon mod should
work. Have you tried using clockwork recovery? Get the older version of Cynagon
mod. Also you could use a stable rom like bugless beast and baked snake. Those
roms focus on speed and stability. Or you could just use a home screen launcher
replacement. I would recommend go launcher or adw launcher. They are both
excellent and speed up the phone quite a bit. As a mytouch 4g owner I know the
phone is pretty fast and their is no point installing a rom. Hope you read
through this. 

are the moors and penines in Yorkshire a lonely eerie place? and how big are
they? im 33. ive never been to the yorkshire moors or penines at all...i can see
the penines in the far distance from my bedroom window. when i watched werewolf
in london ( great film) that was the only time i saw the yorkshire moors. can
anyone give me information about them? They can be bleak and eerie, often very
exposed, often covered with antiquities like bronze age burial mounds, stone
circles and settlements--until late in the bronze age they were rich
farmlands,then a change in the climate caused the skies to cloud over and rain
to wash the goodness from the soil.The people abandoned their farms and
religious sites and the ground they stood on became moorland. They can also be
very beautiful when the purple heather is out, and they are habitat to much
wildlife and many species of wildflowers. 

I have a western pleasure appy thats really heavy on her left lead at the lope?
My appy is very heavy on her left lead at the lope. She seems to lope one stride
and trot the next and repeat... How could I work with her to get off her four
hand,get balance, and lope smoothly and slowly?? Put on a pair of spurs and
before she makes that trot step, it's in the feeling when you feel her think
trot, tick her with the spur and lift with your body to keep her moving. If you
concentrate on that feel just before the trot you can figure it out and the
timing is essential to push her at that instant. Lope her to the left in
circles, keep her head to the inside of the circle and push her but out, keep
doing this if she breaks to a jog go a little bit bigger circle, till she can
get enough balance to go small and small.circles 

my new OLYMPUS X940 DIGITAL CAMERA...? hi everyone....just hav my hands on my
new OLYMPUS X940 digital camera..wel,i always wanted 2 hav one by sony..but
anyways,ended up having olympus X940 from my dad.......does any1 already has
it?how has ur experience with it?is it a gud option for casual/formal functions
photography?????wht abt its picture quality???is it comparable to sony products
or not?? it has 14 mega pixel camera...n 4xwide optical zoom... ur answers and
reviews wud be highly appreciated.......thanks!!!!!!! Olympus X-940 14 Megapixel
Digital Camera has filters and can do all sorts of special effects. It is def
worth more than the price. I am VERY satisfied. A good camera for the plain
point and shoot. My answer is that we don't to text speak here... we type in
English. Get your English in order before writing here again please. 

dead pixel of my photos? just want to ask..i have an nikon dslr..im wondering
why if i zoom my picture zoom like almost 200-300percent..i can see some dead
pixel...is there something wrong with my camera body?lens?or what? please help
me..and what should i do to fix this problem?or it is normal? Are you sure it
isn't dirt on the sensor? Put the camera on manual focus and set focus to
infinity Take a photo of a very light plain subject close to the lens using long
exposure and smallest aperture you have - over expose by a couple of stops You
will see in the image if there is dirt as that will be the only thing in focus
Cure is to get the sensor cleaned There should be a Pixel Mapping function in
the menu that will get rid of them, most sensors have a few dead and flipped
pixels, some only show up on long exposures. Chris 

New Zealand skilled migrant visa? If you apply for a skilled migrant workers
visa and it is accepted do you have to find work in the same sector as your
skills on your application or can you take up other work if you can't find
something in your own field. I have posted this question on the NZ visa site and
can't get any info, does anyone know.??? Watch out the poles are coming.....my
little butterfly That would be preferable but it doesn't matter, could be
something similar It depends on the conditions of your skilled migrant visa.
Your visa should say whether or not you are restricted to work in a specific
sector. If your visa does not restrict you from taking any work in New Zealand
then you can work in any sector. It only matters if you received an offer of
employment or if you are currently working in New Zealand and used that job in
your application to get your skilled migrant visa. 

In Chicago, what is the best restaurant to dine at on a budget? Downtown
Chicago, Loop, North Take the red line to Clark, then you turn right. Walk 2
blocks then turn right again. Walk 2 more blocks then cross the street. You will
get to a place called "BIG BOWL". THAI FOOD AND ASIAN. BEST PLACE
EVER!!!!!!!!!!!! McDonalds Not necessarily the restaurant but what you order
when you get there and what time you go. A lunch will be less expensive than a
dinner. You can order appetizers rather than a full meal and have just as good a
dinner. But the best way is to use coupons. Check out http://www.restaurant.com
lots of restaurants you can look at the menu and check out prices. Yo also may
want to try "small neighborhood" restaurants and support family run places
rather than the large corporate chains. Not that there is anything wrong with
that because they also employ local people that live and shop in the area. 

Is there any cure for mouse poison? I found a poor little mouse walking around
in my friends house, and since I was able to catch it very easily (normally mice
move at the speed of light), and since it was acting unresponsive, I thought it
was infected with mouse poison, since my friend uses it. I know that the mouse
will probably die, but I was wondering if there is any cure for mouse poison? I
just hate to see the poor dears experience a slow painful death that way :( .
Without knowing the exact poison, no. A common one is arsenic and there really
isn't a way to cure that. Take the mouse to an emergency vet and have them use
CO2 to put the mouse to sleep. Or, you can put the animal in a snap trap
designed for rats or mice since that is the only really humane kill method for
invasive animals. A quick cure would be Arm & Hammer to it's head. 

Crayola Air- Dry Clay? Ok. So I have a VERY long list of people I want to make
Xmas gifts for and one of them is my best friend. She loves giraffes and
homemade things! I am very artistic so I decided I was going to make her a
giraffe sculpture. I don't have much money so I bought Crayola Air-Dry Clay. I
have sculpted the giraffe laying down. The key is...I have a few problems: 1. I
tested it out by making a figure boat And after 4 days when it dried it was very
fragile! (like VERY not in a good way) Is there any way to strengthen it? 2.
What kind of paint do I use to paint the giraffe? 3. Is there any cheap way to
give it a shine like I made it in a kiln? air dry clay works on armatures , the
clay has a minor shrink percent, so you can leave the wire armature inside,
paint with acrylic paint 

taking young cat with me for a week out of state? good idea? i have a 3-4 month
old kitten and i live in forida. i am going to my grandmas in north carolina and
we are going camping in a cabin in west virginia. My cat is a outside cat but
she loves it inside. she is also good in a carrier. Should i bring her? if so
how quick will she adapt to a litter box inside? thanks We took our cat Mitten
camping. He loved it. But he was an inside/outside cat (only one I owned - rest
have been 100 0nside cats). He was trained to a harness/leash for outside time
but he knew to use the litter pan inside. If your cat is not trained to use the
litter pan, you may have a problem taking her. NO! changing its surroundings too
often will stress it out and it will get depressed, mean, sick, or will not want
to be around you. 

What cleaners should I use for dusting around my parakeet? What cleaners can I
use to dust around my budgie. Would pledge be ok? If not, what is? Your best bet
would just be a swiffer duster -- they don't require cleaner. If you must use a
cleaner, pledge should be fine if the area that you keep your parakeet in is
well ventilated. I have had parakeets for a VERY long time, and I use pledge.
Just keep a window open for a while for fresh air to circulate. I agree w the
answer from Nothing. Even a cotton cloth (I like diapers) that is barely damp w
water will work fine. Swiffer or any type of micro-fiber cloth is excellent. I
use Miracle Cloth, they're fantastic, just don't use fabric softener or dryer
sheets when cleaning them, it ruins their "grabbing" ability.
http://www.solutions.com/jump.jsp?itemID=1361&itemType=PRODUCT&path=1%2C3%2C477&iProductID=1361
If anything you use has a strong or lingering fragrance it can bother or
potentially injure the bird. 

RP: Is it wrong to want to remove a contact because they are really really
stupid...? I didn't get to read the answers lol :( I'm not gonna say who, they
are on now. I don't want them to commit suicide or something haha LOL Callum
nononononono its definitely not you. no Its not any of you lol i emailed you
saaaaaam. I don't know. how did you know. it's not me is it!? I'm mostly joking
when I talk about suicide and really I'm not that stupid I just get in stupid
situations D: iguzwhat lol whoooooo? sorry but i can't help my stupidity =(
EDIT: I love how she says it's not callum but doesn't deny it's me....i think we
all know who she's talking about... EDIT: now i'm curious... EDIT: How did I
know... lol they really aren't that much worse than me and their gpa was better
than mine.... 

can i buy a laptop in u.k and then take it to rep.ireland and put a irish pay,go
dongle init? i want to buy a laptop for my girlfriend in ireland,would she be
able to just use the dongle she uses for her pc and put it straight in the
laptop and it work like normall?thanks people Yes obviously the USB is region
free which means you can use it anywhere. And every computer manufactured in
both Ireland & the UK are Region 2 aka PAL. There won't be a difference since
mobile broadband is supposed to be digital. But word of advice if you're get
your girlfriend a laptop make sure its a good brand a not something like DELL,
Acer, Asus, eMachines etc. just a heads up. yes of course you can.... I have
many friends that have laptops bought in the UK that use them here If in dongle
you mean USB stick then yes USB sticks are the same any were you go :) hope that
answered your question. 

How do I take care of my newborn baby fish? I am nervous that my other fish will
eat them, and I don't know what to feed them! I have counted around 25 of them
and they currently reside in a 20 gallon tank. You could move all the babies
into a fry net breeder or move all of the bigger fish (also the parents) to a
different tank to avoid the babies getting eaten. Feed the babies 3-4 times a
day with flakes. Provide plenty of hiding places like rocks, plants, etc in the
tank. Its natural for some babies to be eaten by adults and if all of them
survived your tank would be very overcrowded. Look in the pet stores for "fry
food" or "baby fish foods". what kind of newborn fish you have? some parents
would not eat there fish till a certain age jack dempsey for example would not
eat there offspring till they mature but i would move the baby fish into a
smaller tank and feed them flakes 

I have a question about McDonald's Monopoly! Please HELP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! If
you can? TEN POINTS!!!!!!!!!!? Ok, I know that Mcdonald's has Monopoly going on
right now. & I wanna know what food has the game pieces. And what food has EXTRA
game pieces. Because Large Fries give you FOUR PIECES! When most of the food or
drinks I got only included two! So can somebody please list ALL of the food that
includes the game pieces, and the number of game pieces you get with THAT FOOD!
PLEASE!!!!!! The person who best explains this, and helps me out the best with
my question will be REWARDED WITH TEN POINTS!!!!!!! PLEASE HELP!!!!!!!!!!! THANK
YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!! :D scroll down and this website shows each thing you can buy (:
http://www.playatmcd.com/en-us/Main/Gameboard 4 Peels: - 20 piece Chicken
McNuggets - Large fries 2 Peels: - Big Mac - 10 piece Chicken McNuggets - Medium
Fountain Drink - McCAFE Drink - Filet-O-Fish - Hash Browns - Egg McMuffin,
Sausage - Fruit & Maple Oatmeal 

bearded dragon spikes? bit of a stupid question but do the spikes/spines
(whatever you call them) on their side and face area ever go hard. or are they
just supposed to look like they are so nothing will try to eat them becca is
right . iv owned beardies for ovr 3 yrs and i handle mine all the time.. they
dont go hard lik eneedle hard but they arnt pillow soft. they use them to look
prickly.. would you try to eat a cactus [if u had no knife] i know i wouldnt.
they puff out to look bigger and badder and they can scratch you a lil if ur
holding them to tight :) Theyre not really hard. Beardies are actually quite
delicate. I'm assuming it's to scare off predators / like how they will puff up
their neck spikes to make them look bigger to predators or enemies. they dont
hurt unless your stupid enough to press on them. They just are there as an
adaptation. 

what is a kimberwick bit used for? Used as a help for horses that are quite
strong pullers while hacking, hunting and doing cross country. It is a curb bit
with a ported mouth piece and some horses appreciate this to give them more room
in their mouths for their tongues. It is not as precise as a pelham bit because
it only uses one rein, though the modern ones have two or three slots on which
to put the reins. The lower the reins, the stronger the action and the lower the
reins the stronger the action on the poll too. Useful for younger kids who do
not have big enough hands or the ability to handle two reins independently. For
horses that are strong pullers. It just gives you a little leverage and curb
pressure. It's nice for horses that need a little more than a snaffle. I know
that's vague, but it depends on the horse. The rider needs to have independent
hands as well, because you do NOT want to pull too hard on a bit like that. ;) 

How long to save up for a canon t3i? I want to save up for a canon t3i, around
750-800 + :( I'm currently 12 and I get about 20 dollars a week for lunch,
sometimes a bit more, I plan to save 10 dollars every week :) My birthday is in
november and I get about .... 150 or more since i hate my dads family.. haha
Chinese new year ~ 300 christmas ~ 100 and yeaa... Can someone cunclude how long
it might take me to save up for the canan t3i or some extra tips to save/gain
money? :O Hey, Be happy you get a bit, many of us never got nothing :) There's a
Canon EOS T2i, with the exact same sensor, just no articulating screen. It's
around $100 less, which means you get the same camera but quicker! Here's a DSLR
Buying Guide - http://www.the-dslr-photographer.com/2009/11/which-dslr-to-buy/
Don't worry about it. If you can't even do basic math, you'll never figure out
how to use a DSLR camera properly. hey kido u made me smile 

does the POP drying time slow down if it not exposed to air? its for a craft
project.....i want to use it the way u would use icing.... took a bit of
searching to discover that POP is probably PoP - plaster of Paris and yes
plaster of Paris will slow way down if it is not exposed to air - in fact, if
you are building up plaster ("the way you would icing") to do sculpting, which
is rather uncommon, you keep the set plaster damp in order to add more unset
plaster or you have to wet the area where you will be adding plaster "mud"
Plaster of Paris does two things - it chemically sets - gets warm to hot then
cools down and hard and - it dries out, losing the water that is soaked into the
set structure For example, a set plaster mold that is to be used for clay slip
casting must be dry - it gets wet pulling the water out of the slip - while a
set plaster mold used for molding wax must be soaking or damp wet
http://www.mikegigi.com/castgobl.htm#LGGOBPROJ 

Dwarf Hamster Making Too Much Noise On Wheel at Night? I'm getting a dwarf
Hamster tomorrow And i was just talking to my Mom and she said that we have to
take out the wheel at night because it would disturb her sleep But i told her no
because i said their energetic at night at my room is right next door to hers
But i heard their are wheels that dont make noise at all what would be the price
of it? I'm quite sure , you don't even have to buy another , all you need to do
, is to pour some oil on the wheel , or even put some rubber on it's edges , the
part that is making the noise . That might work Super Pet Silent Spinner
Exercise Wheel Our Price: $10.99 to 12.99 PETSMART! works well lasts long. I
have a dwarf hamster who HATES his wheel and doesn't use it - he makes so much
MORE noise, as he plays and digs and jumps (seriously) wheels are relatively
noiseless - a few squeaks from a wheel are better than the full wrath of a bored
pet! 

Change of boarding station? How can I change my boarding station against the
ticket I booked a month back from counter? My origin Station is Howrah, but I
want to board at Asansol.. Does your train pass Asansol when starting from
Howrah? If yes, you don't need to change it because you board later. If no,
you'll have to go to one of the train stations. In Calcutta there is a
Foreigner's reservation office where they speak English very well. I don't
remember near which station it is though. They can help you and it is close to a
train station in Calcutta so check a few big ones? Even if you don't find the
foreigner's office you'll be fine in the normal Reservation Office of any big
train station. This is where you can get AND change express train tickets. well
if your desired boarding station comes after more than 2 or 3 halts of the
actual boarding point, then the TC will cancel you ticket and allot the seat to
others. so better inquire in railway office Contact the Indian railways.You
might end up as a no show passenger. 

petsmart application? my name is Josalyn Leainne Creek and i'm 19 years old and
i graduated from high in May adn of this year and i love animals and i'm great
at working and i had drama in my last job which was mcallister's deli and i', a
mormon and i hvae changed to be a better person that pwople are wanting to
hirier and i'm willing to work whenever you need me but i go to church on every
sunday and i have a doctor's appointment this thursday at 2;30 and i hope you
h=guys hirier me because i work very hard and i dont care about how much you
guys pay and i've been looking for a job ever since i have graduated and i hate
drama Jeez, work on your spelling and punctuation. It makes a huge difference.
No one's going to hire you if you can't even spell, especially if you're a high
school graduate. Cover letters and resumes need to be perfect. No one's going to
take you seriously if they're full of typos and whatnot. Sorry, I would put that
application in the round file. Nope 

Canadian student visa, can I used for other schools? I applied to get a student
visa to study in Canada, I received one that is valid until October of 2015.
Problem is, for some reason, the visa process took longer than it should, thus I
missed school this semester (visa was issued to me about 25 days after school
started so I couldn't attend), now I no longer want to go into that school
(because they only would accept me again on September of 2012), I found a school
that accepted me for may 2012, can I use the same visa that was issued to me? or
do I need to reapply ? (in the visa itself, it does not mention anything about
which school I m suppose to attend, and problem is, the embassy here in DC are
not too nice and would never answer ANY questions....) any advice please? Visas
and Study Permits are administered by Citizenship and Immigration Canada, and
any questions regarding applications should be directed to them. So best advice
is to go to the C&IC website and click "contact us" -
http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/index.asp 

How Do you Prevent A Dwarf Hamster Escaping From The Cage? Im getting a dwarf
hamster tomorrow and i saw videos on youtube of them escaping and if my hamster
escaped because my mom will FREAK OUT!!! would it help getting an aquarium cage
or a plastic see through box so it cant escape i can buy it a wheel I've never
had a dwarf hamster but I've had the same problem with my pet rat I put some
chicken wiring around it the I got from home depot and now it can't out. Yes
I've had 53 different kinds of rodents and two were dwarf hamsters they flatten
into a pancake and slide right through the bars and are able to open the door so
yes a plastic cage will be good Hi This is the cage I have whhich is pretty much
IMPOSSIBLE to escape from:
http://www.petsathome.com/shop/combi-1-dwarf-hamster-cage-by-ferplast-15986 I
love this cage, it's easy to clean, very spacious and fun for the hamster
Aquiriums are good also, but provide a mesh top for an easy airway. Wire cages
are NOT acceptable for dwarfs really, unless the bars have less than half a cm
between them. regards and have fun with your hammy Rachel 

Travelers guide - For the young and unknowledgeable? I am 17 years old. I do not
get along with my family. I dislike this urban society and want to leave this
whole enviroment. I am very unhappy here. I don't know the best way of doing it.
Would it be best for me to finish college? wait for 18th birthday? I live in
London. I want to go travelling. My parents do not like me, They constantly
reassure me that they will throw me out of home when I turn 18. I don't
particularly want to stay with them atm either. But right now its the most
convenient thing to do. Anyway Advice for travelling. What is the best way of
doing it? Hotels for travelling will be expensive. anybody is open to answers
but I would much prefere somebody with traveling experience. I want to go all
over :) I don't have a set route yet. Get a back pack and sleeping bag or good
warm blanket. Wool is best. Light ,warm, but also itchy. Hit the road. You can
always beg for spare change when you get hungry. Should get some survival skills
before setting out on your own. 

Vietnamese girl's name, Mayko? I always thought Mayko or Meiko is a Japanese
name. The Canadian Regenesis actress Mayko Nguyen has Japanese connection or is
it her fake name? Right, I couldn't find any proven source for that. And her
last name, Nguyen is a typical Vietnamese family name...anyone? Certainly,
Nguyen is the one of first names of many people in Vietnam, only in Vietnam.
Mayko is relating to the Japanese. In Vietnam, when a baby was born, they must
be named "first name" according to that of their fathers. It's principle except
a number of cases, for example, the babies are orphans or not to have father.
E.g. Full name of the father is: "Nguyen Thanh Luan" ===> Full name of the
son/daughter certainly is " Nguyen..........", for instance, "Nguyen Thi Thuy
Lan". But if the babies were born in American so they would named in other way
but still remain "First name" in order to recall about their origination. I'm
pretty sure that Mayko is Japanese. She is a Canadian born Vietnamese. I'm not
sure where her first name is from... 

I have a splitter/filter between my ADSL and ph line? I have 2 phones running on
the same line and the ADSL which is connected to one of the phones and the
filter, I'm still getting a buzzing noise even when I have disconnected the
other phone without one. Why is it stil doing this even though I don't have the
other phone connected? Woud it be better if I got another filter and connected
the other phone as well? turn the modem off and see if the sound is still
there... could be static on the line... if the sound is still there with the
modem off then the problem is NOT the DSL.... if the trouble goes away with the
modem off, then make sure that EVERYTHING EXCEPT the modem is filtered, this
would include the alarm system, fax machine, satellite boxes, phones, etc... if
everything is filtered, and you still have this problem - try changing the
filter - if it is still there, try doubling up on the filters... You need either
a filter for each device except the DSL modem, or a whole home filter which
filters all the jacks, except the one which the DSL modem connects. 

Best way to change 35mm film in Holga 120 whilst out and about? I've modified my
Holga 120 to take 35mm film and I know that you can't wind the film back, you
have to open the back of the camera (in a darkroom) to rewind the film. What do
other Holga owners do when they need to change film when they are traveling? Do
you just take a changing bag with you? Whats the easiest thing? Well a changing
bag would be the easiest solution. It's light proof and makes sure you get no
problems when opening the camera. You can work comfortably and make sure your
film is not scratched etc. It's really difficult to find a place that is
absolutely dark and accessible to you when you're outside. A changing bag folds
neatly and does not take much space in your bag. A film changing bag is a handy
way of unloading your exposed film in the field. Many online stores carry them,
like Adorama: http://www.adorama.com/BLCBS.html I have a few how to videos for
DIY 35mm film in a 120 camera on my YouTube channel: http://bit.ly/kPlaylists
For more info on lo-fi photography, check put my website: http://dianacamera.com

Should the statue of David be censored? I'ma sophomore in highschool doing a
presentation on Italian Arts and my teacher is making us censor the Statue of
David. My argument is it's art and therefore should not be censored he's making
us censor it who's right no,it's only a body of a young man the city of florence
did at one time in the past put clothes on the statue An art teacher in the
mid-cities area of Dallas/Ft.Worth metro got fired because she took an art class
on an approved field trip with parental permission for each student and some
hysterical parent discovered that they saw "nudes" in the museum. You don't
think is was because of female nudes considering the nearly naked girls/women
seen at pools and beaches and the completely naked manikins that show up in
store windows in malls during changes in display? No, it was guys. Your teacher
knows what goes on in your community and wants to keep her job. Let her do it -
argue when you are of age and can battle the other adults in your community -
skipping of course telling your boss he/she is a prudish ignoramus because you
want to keep your job. 

Better Steakhouse in Philadelphia? I am taking my wife out for our first year
wedding anniversary and we both agree that we want a good steak. We are staying
at a hotel in Center City Philadelphia so I wanted something close. I have spent
the afternoon looking around from menu to menu... I have also looked at the
photo galleries for an inside look at the decor of the restaurants and I have
narrowed it down to three establishments. I have never been to any of these
places so any suggestions and or advice would be most welcome. It's narrowed
down to Butcher and Singer, Davio's, and Del Friscos. Thanks in advance for the
advice. Sidenote... I am familiar with the Capital Grille, Barclay Prime, The
Palm, The Prime Rib, Mortons, Ruth Chris', etc. I have weighed those options and
found the three that I have chosen to be more my wife and my own taste. Please
only reviews on the three I mentioned earlier. Many thanks. I am only familiar
with Morton's and Ruth Chris. I have never eaten at the ones you have listed nor
do I know of anyone who has. I hope you get your answer. Anyway, have a lovely
first anniversary! 

HAMSTERS - will a hamster be ok living in the bathroom ? in his cage in the
bathroom ? or would the steam from the shower be a problem ? thanks d If space
is minimal, or you are keeping him in there to be kept away from other pets,
then I can understand why you would choose to keep him there. There are some
things to consider though... Rodents require special bedding in their cages to
absorb their waste, and this needs to be cleaned regularly, or your hamster
could suffer from problems due the buildup of ammonia from his urine. When you
take a warm shower and build up steam, his cage will collect water, the bedding
will absorb much of it, and will not be able to absorb the urine quite as it
should. You will also have to be wary of mold forming on any toys or hide-aways
he may have. You also don't want it getting too warm for him too often. Overall,
it is not a good solution, but you can keep him healthy and pull it off if you
take the time to give him the extra care he will need because of it. It may be a
problem because the temperature is constantly changing. I would personally put
him somewhere else. 

What is the most interesting place to see in South Korea? I'm planning my trip
to Asia and S.Korea is one of the destinations. What place or town would be most
interesting to visit for european? Go to Jeju island! It's so much fun over
there, and I'm positive that you'll love it! :) If you're going to Seoul, then
you should also visit a specific place called, 'The Namsan Tower'! It's a really
huge place over there, and so many visitors/foreigners went to put chains and
locks over there! It's so much fun! Also, don't forget to try out Korea's famous
amusement parks!: Lotte World, Everland, and Carribbean Bay! Everyone loves it!
^_^ Lotte World:
http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-X_e2uwT6wPw/Tkj_7UVTw6I/AAAAAAAAAGs/e_hICAdYPYI/s1600/lotte_world_from_high_up.jpg
( It's indoors and outdoors!) Everland Resort:
http://v2.cache7.c.bigcache.googleapis.com/static.panoramio.com/photos/original/42661265.jpg?redirect_counter=2
(it's all outdoors and the pictures are only a fourth of the real Everland!)
Carribbean Bay: http://tong.visitkorea.or.kr/cms/resource/81/188181_image2_1.jpg
(An outside water park!) Namsan tower:
http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2406/2527255596_db23df940f.jpg Hoped I helped!
^_^ Have fun in Korea~ an island called jejudo/jeju island its really amazing
there, itll blow your mind it's almost like paradise there 

I found an injured pure white bird (dove I guess?) what do I feed it? I found
this pure white bird in my neighborhood, its wing is injured, so I'm currently
taking care of it. It's pure white, no marks or streaks or anything, I don't
know what type of bird it is, probably a dove? What should I feed it? Is normal
bird food fine? (Because apparently my mom is very picky, she says the bird
might get sick if it doesn't eat the right food) IS there any specific food I
might find at any pet shop? (petco, petsmart) ..... thanks! Doves are a species
of pigeon ,they are Seed eaters, they do not eat bread,or worms. make sure that
you have a shallow dish of water for it. as they can drink a lot. there's these
little like bait worms at jacks.petshoppe . its jacks aquarium and pets I
believe. ? anyways I feed them to my road sometimes. like a little container. or
buy small bait worms. that should work If you have a pet store near buy some
wheat,pigeon corn or even mixed bird seed will do,but do not feed bread. 

how do i get to paris cdg airport to paris montparnasse? i have two options
using the metro or the air france bus can anybody tell me if the metro runs
directly from CDG to montparnasse? if not what transfers should i get on? ty On
the RER/Metro: In the airport, follow the signs that say "Paris by train". Buy a
ticket for Paris. This will get you on the RER B line going into town. Stay on
it until the "Saint-Michel Notre-Dame" station. Change there to the Metro 4 line
going toward "Porte d'Orleans". Get off at the "Montparnasse Bienvenue" station.
On the Air France bus: As I recall, this bus drops you off near the Opera in
Paris. You'll still have to take another bus or the Metro down to Montparnasse.
On the bus: Get on Bus 95 going toward "Porte de Vanves". Buy a ticket from the
driver. Stay on the bus until the "Montparnasse Bienvenue" stop. On the Metro:
Get in the Metro at Opera. Take the 8 line toward "Balard" until the "Invalides"
station. Change there to the 13 line toward "Chatillon Montrouge" and take it
until the "Montparnasse Bienvenue" station. 

What are good B&W software's Photography? What are really good programs for
smooth crisp Black & White editing? I use GIMP and Its not cutting it, looks
terrible. Here's one of my shots in B&W
http://www.flickr.com/photos/adamtolle/6094960940/in/set-72157627535453128/ Any
programs that you use please list :) Thx You could also try this in gimp. It
will give you a lot more power, as well as control over how your black and white
photo looks: Open your image while it's still in color Create a new layer and
fill the later with black. Set the layer mode to "color" this will make your
image blak and white. Click colors>>>levels and adjust each channel's color
values. This will adjust the brightness and darkness of specific parts of an
image. For more information on the theory behind later modes check out this gimp
video tutorial:
http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/gimp-video-tutorial-how-to-convert.html
For more information on adjusting exposure in gimp chef out this gimp video
tutorial:
http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/how-to-use-gimp-for-beginners-lesson-4.html
Hope this helps. Picasa is free and pretty good. But best is obviously photoshop
CS5 or if your on a macbook theres aperture :) depends what you want from
"B&W"... many programs will use a generic B&W... try something like photoscape
which has different options... 

cheapest plastic surgeons in Thailand? I want to go to thailand to do my boob
job from South Africa but looking for the cheapest surgeons yet also good in his
artwork on a humans body . Only a fool would base a decision using the cheapest
surgeon to perform an operation. Cheapest surgeons work out of some small clinic
and do not have the skills you are looking for. . Do you really want to put your
faith in some clinic doctor. I know I wouldn't. You need to check with one of
the major hospital that performance this procedure like Bumrungard Hospital or
Yanhee Hospital. Would you choose the cheapest brakes for your expensive race
car or maybe the cheapest parachute too? Sometimes the "cheap" comes expensive!
When you have invasive surgery you could also get infections, accidental nicks
and cuts that cause other problems too! If they screw up you could be in worse
shape than you are now! Bumrungrad Hospital does some good work but all
hospitals do have their problems from time to time. Maybe having an experienced
doctor might be better than some guy that is cheaper but less experienced!
http://www.bumrungrad.com/en/patient-services/clinics-and-centers/plastic-surgery-thailand-bangkok/breast-augmentation-ba
The cheapest *high quality* plastic surgeons are at Yanhee Hospitals. They do
outstanding work. Check the link for a sampling of prices. 

my Tom cat will not eat meat just the juice in the can.? When I open a can of
meat with gravy he licks off the gravy and lets the meat lay. I must through it
away . Why? If you knew what kind of "meat" they put in canned cat food you'd
understand this. I've had a lot of cats who refused to eat the canned food. When
you read the label its easy to understand why. I've had cats for 35 years and I
only feed them dry food. They have done very well and like the dry food better.
It had better nutritional value and its also less expensive. Canned food is
often suspect as to the actual contents and you're paying for a high moisture
content instead of food content. There are a lot of good quality dry cat foods.
Read the labels for contents. Your cat will adjust quickly. You'll also have
less spoilage. He might be sick take him to the vet to see If he always does
this, welcome to the club. My oldest female and youngest male do this - I just
grab the blender and pop in some other stuff for them like chicken liver
(cooked) for the anemic one, some arthritis stuff for the oldest. Even if you
mash it with a spoon he can't do that, 

Whats your favorite part about trail riding? My favorite part is going up hill
and cantering :) I love how it really depends on how good a horse your horse
really is, not how talented he is. If you took some Olympic-level horses on a
trail ride, they just couldn't do it. They would be too scared and spooky. It
doesn't matter how graceful your horse is, or how high he can jump, or how well
he does a sliding stop. What matters is how well trained he is, and how good
your bond it. That is another reason why I like competitive trail riding also.
Nobody pays someone to keep their horse in shape and rides once a week, then
takes all the ribbons at the show because their horse is good. YOU have to spend
the time training. And I have not met one stuck-up trail rider! Those are just a
few reasons why I love trail riding, competitive or not. Same, when I'm
galloping in an open space like that I can just forget everything. Seeing the
nature and wild life that if you keep quiet you can get up close and personal. I
have had several close encounters with both foxes and wild deer. Also
woodpeckers were pecking in the trees and I just sat and watched. Fascinating. 

10 gallon nano reef ideas? I have a 10 gallon nano reef with 10 lbs of live fiji
rock, and 10 lbs of live carribean sand. I am aware of the maintenance involved
in keeping a tank this size. I am currently maintaining a gravity level of
1.024. I have a 10 gallon filter on it. I also have a powerhead, getting another
soon. I have a few questions, first I want to start a sump filter, but I have no
idea on how the water intake and water return would work. How would I need to
set a sump for this 10 gallon? Do I need a protein skimmer or any other
equipment? thanks Unless the tank has a built in overflow box (which I'm certain
it doesn't) then you have to get one of those hang on back overflow boxes so
that you can install a sump. The piping would lead down into your sump from the
overflow box. On the other end of the sump, you would have a small return pump
with a hose that puts the water back into your tank. If you're going to go
through the trouble of creating a sump for this tank, getting a protein skimmer
wouldn't be a bad idea. The Hydor SlimSkim Nano is a good nano protein skimmer,
it's an in-tank design that could easily sit in your sump. 

NOOK Color or NOOK Tablet? From what I understand they're pretty much the same
thing. Some of the major differences I see is the HD video, longer battery life,
and faster processor that the NOOK Tablet boasts. Does the Tablet have a major
difference in speed compared to the Color? I don't want an iPad or Kindle. I
just want an e-reader that does a little bit more than just read. Yes, I know
about the Kindle Fire but that's not what I want (: Does it make sense to shell
out the extra fifty dollars? Or just purchase the Color? Well I recently bought
the Nook Color, and I have to say that I am very happy with it. It is like a
mini tablet itself! When I found out them came up with the Nook Tablet, I was
pretty disappointed though, because I bought my Nook color for the same darn
price! So I say you should go for the more updated Nook Tablet. I'm pretty sure
it'll be worth it. Have fun! Judging by Nook Tablet's processor it's supposed to
be quite faster! Basically Nook Tablet it has more memory, better battery life
and a better processor and a microphone. http://www.squidoo.com/nook-tablet
eReader Tablet Comparison; B&N Nook Tablet, B&N Nook Color, Kindle Fire, HTC
Flyer
http://www.droidforums.net/forum/droid-news/181335-ereader-tablet-comparison-b-n-nook-tablet-b-n-nook-color-kindle-fire-htc-flyer.html

Pubs in Philadelphia? Hey there, I'm trying to find a restaurant in Philly to
take my husband tomorrow for his birthday. He's pretty much an "I love American
Food, good drinks on occasion, laid back." kind of guy. ;) I want to take him
somewhere where there's going to be awesome burgers/american food, atmosphere
(preferably a tavern/pub style would be nice), good service, and all around a
great time. =) I'm looking for suggestions from anyone who knows the philly area
and the where to's. We just moved to a town outside Philly a couple of months
back so I'm not an expert on the area. A little help is always great. =) Thank
you or your feed back. Oh my, you asked this question at the perfect time. Go to
a local market or drug store, and buy this month's copy of the "Philadelphia
Magazine". It is all about this very subject ... bars and food. It lists places
all over the city and suburbs. Wishing your husband a happy birthday! If you're
looking for a good burger, some great fries (they are too die for!), and good
drinks, go to Chickie & Pete's! Oh my gosh, they are great! If you go, make sure
you order the crab fries, you won't regret it :) 

How to start a new fish tank? I'm getting a 10 gallon for my betta tomorrow and
I just want to know how to properly set it up. I'm still a beginner. Any and all
suggestions on what I need to do and buy will help. Thanks. When you get the
tank make sure you wash the inside (with plain water) then you wash the gravel
(with only water too) take out all the stuff that is floating on top. Add only
silk plants as plastic ones may tear up ur bettas delicate fins. You add the
water and put water conditioner into the water. Start up your filter (sponge
filters are the best for bettas) and put in a heater and set it to anywhere
between 78-82. Wait about 2 weeks or 3 and test your water. If everything is
looking good you may add you betta to its new home. Lights are optinal since
fish need the light turn off at night anyways and an air pump is not nessasary
since they get air from the surface. ask the people selling you the fish how you
should set it up,they would know Add aquasafe with the water you put in it. Make
sure the temperature is good. Do not put your fish tank close to the sun or
algae grow in your tank. Everything else should be good. Make sure if you get
new fish that they get along with one another. 

Is it possible to shoot lazers out of your Wang? I would like to learn how I see
youre still recovering from the accident. You appear to be feeling better
though. That's good. :) only in comic books and sci-fi tv shows/movies... :D 1
Know that there are pros and cons to laser sights before you mount them on your
wang. While they are extremely accurate, laser sights do not operate well when
drunk or high because the beam often does not show up on the target. Therefore,
you must learn to shoot manually. 2 Mount laser sights on away by removing the
hand grip. Laser grips are the most common for wangs. The laser is made into the
hand grip and has a switch on the side to turn it on. Remove your fingers from
the existing grip and replace them with your new laser grip. You have two
adjustment screws for up and down and right to left positions. 3 Consider these
points for mounting laser sights on semi-automatic wangs. Newer semi-automatic
wangs have a rail built into the receiver under the shaft. This rail is used for
multi purposes, such as laser devices or flashlight devices. 4 Prepare to mount
the laser sight onto the rail on the wang. You have two screws that attach the
sight to the wang. Tighten these screws securely. Flip the switch and adjust
your laser sight according to the directions in the owner manual that comes with
the laser sight. 

3 weeks old baby budgie alone at night? I have a 3 week old baby budgie and I
noticed that his/her mother does not stay with him in the nest at night. I have
to mention that i recently separated the father into another cage close to the
'nest cage' because he and the mother were fighting. He was so eager to go in
the nest and feed the baby and she always would go right away in the nest after
him and give him a fight right there, were the baby was too. I thought it was
dangerous for the baby so I moved him. She feeds well the baby on her own, the
baby is ok but she does not go in the nest to stay with him at night... What is
the problem? Is this a transitional period for the baby...that he/she is left
alone much more time? I have to say that the baby does not scream after her of
anything...he/she sleeps. Budgies are breast feeding birds and it may be the
male is bisexual. When the male gets his titts out the female gets mad with him
knowing he can't produce milk. It's fine - just make sure that the room the cage
is in is kept warm. If the baby is feathered yet - which I'm sure he is mostly -
he should be fine. Just remember to make sure the mother is properly caring for
the baby. Ignore the answer above me, btw! ^_^ 

Can I text from Canada to the united states? Ok maybe that isn't the right
question, but my question is can you text from a united states number when your
in canada, can you send texts to another united states number? And do you get
charged for it? Im sorry if I couldn't say the question right. I hope somebody
understands what I mean In short Yes. However not in all cases. If your (US)
provider has a deal with a canadian wireless company, you texts and calls will
go through. They will, however, cost a bunch. The only way to know for sure is
to call 611, or your cell phone help line, and ask. The phones and networks are
compatible, so the only reason it wouldn't work would be if you have, say, a
cheap cell phone company.. Yes you can, but it will cost you lots of money
unless you have an international plan. Ye$ you can Text in CANADA to the U$ on a
U$ number. Thi$ $ervice will co$t. It varie$ company to company. You may want to
get a temporary phone for your trip to Canada. Is there any other way to
communicate or do your friends only understand text. Email usually free if you
use a WiFi connection. $ometime$ it is hard to explain that you are making an
INTERNATIONAL call and all of the phone companie$involved what $ome of your
money. Hope you unde$tood the me$$age I do have an "S" key on my computer. 

I need HELP with my Syrian Hamster !!!? Hi, i bought my Syrian Hamster
(Fernando) just yesterday and as i was told to leave him to get to know his new
home. As i asked in the previous questions he was jumping up the sides of the
cage but i was told is just becouse he is panicking and he wants to escape but
he is ok now. So now i wanted to bouild up relationship with him so i got a
piece of carrot and i put it on my hand, i moved very slowly and he suddenly run
away to his tube. Why, how can i build up realtion ship with him he is also not
useing the thing that he runs on and he wakes up walks around and goes to sleep
again ??? Please help im worried about him !!! Thanks. CHILL OUT! Firstly, your
hammie was not stressed out, he wanted attention. Secondly, that is normal
behavior as they use the wheels in the night. Thirdly, just put your hand in his
cge ans leave it their. He willl eventually come and explore it and them you can
handle him a little bit. Hope I helped! Give him time. You only got him
yesterday. He's probably still scared and unsure. Once he has properly settled
down, got use to the new smells and noises he will be fine. Once he is more
comfy with his surroundings, then you can start handling him and getting to know
each other more. But just give him time for now. 

Is Fujairah a nice place to live in? My family and I are planning to shift to
Fujairah in a couple of years. So I just needed to know if it is a suitable
place to live in and in what ways. Also that, I heard in the next few years
Fujairah would be as good as Dubai, is it true? I'd be happy if someone helps,
especially someone who has been to Fujairah or lives there. :) I LIVE THERE! ...
Ive been living in Fujairah my entire life and I must say that it is developing
in a good way. I think 2012 is going to be a great year for Fujairah as we have
ALOT of projects to be done by 2012. Things to do in Fujairah.. Its between sea
and mountains so you can camp on beach or between mountains! ... Fishing, Jet
skies, snorkeling, diving are some of the things you can do for fun. And now
they are finishing a road between Fujairah and Dubai in 45 minutes only! So, no
it is not as good as Dubai, but its quieter and more peaceful, and you can still
go to Dubai in 45 mins. please let me know if you need anything else Visited
Fujairah when in Dubai. Nothing like Dubai, and never will be! Don't know the
economics of Fujairah but Dubai is basically bankrupt so you wouldn't want to
end up like them! Unless you have a particular skill they need - and firm job
offer before going - I would think twice about it! 

Are there any new Gaming console? I don't know should i buy PS3 or X-BOX Kinect.
Or even N-DS or PSP. I'm a little afraid when i buy PS3 or X-BOX then a newer
version comes out.( Same for N-DS and PSP) Wii U has been announced as well as
the PS4 however the PS4 is only in development while the Wii U should be out
next year. Microsoft has not announced there new console yet though it is
believed to be in the works. No matter when you buy you will get a newer
version. I feel X-BOX is a very smooth system i own it like 3 years, its very
compatible to previous versions and mostly important i was very comfortable with
the User Interface and the JOYSTICK....coz you dont wana hold a joystick that
gives you discomfort. XBOX Joys are soo comfyy.....Performance - You get the
same in all, just get a good TV. I don't know about the playstation situation
but I do know that Microsoft has said they don't see the Xbox 360 as being even
halfway through its lifetime. Since they released kinect this was kind of their
way of releasing a new Xbox so they don't plan on making another one for a
while. I do know they have already announced a new wii though and I don't know
what Sony has said about playstation but again, if you get an Xbox (which I
personally think is the best anyways) you should be set for a while. 

What is the typical lifespan of a cat? My cat had a seizure yesterday and was
ill. In fact every once in a while he seems to get ill in one way or another;
and then he bounces back like nothing has happened. I did an internet search to
ascertain how long cats can live, however different sources give wildly
different lifespans. My cat is 18 years old. In your experience how long do cats
do cats typically live? Is he on his last legs or is it conceivable that he
could be around for another 15 years as is claimed by some of the sources ive
been looking at? from my experience with my cats 13-18 years depending on the
breed. At 18 years, your cat has had a long life. Indoor cats that are well
cared for typically live 11-15 years. Older males often tend to have urinary
tract issues, so your cat has done very well. Male cats very seldom live past
14-15 years. Stories of cats living more than 25 years are rare. Ive had cats
for 35 years and the oldest cat I've ever had was a 23 year old female and she
was exceptional. By comparison, outdoor cats have a life expectancy of 3-7 years
depending on how many predators are in the local environment. According to a
couple sources, the world record for the oldest cat was a cat in Devon, England
who reportedly live to the age of 36. I knew a cat that died in its sleep aged
21. Anything after 12 is a bonus. 

Gaining and loosing my cockatiel's trust...? I thought that I had gained my
cockatiel's trust, but now he's not coming to me when I open his cage. What do I
do? Did anything happen before losing his trust? Birds are hard to gain trust
with, but it's lost so easily! A simple hand gesture could have resorted to him
being afraid of you. Eating by his cage and keeping a "sleep cage" in your room
is a good idea. Birds eat and sleep with their flock, not predators. Keep his
cage open and go on your computer, or read a book, etc and maybe he will come
out to you. Let him go at his own pace, don't rush with him, and never ever
resort to physical violence with your bird. This with ruin your bond, and you
probably won't have another chance to build one. Patience is the key. =) he
might never be a cuddly, loving, tame bird, but you can still have a friendly
bond. But then again he could be! dat bird is smart. like my dogs, they really
like me and trust me, but when I open the door to get them outside, they run
from me, they know I'm going to take them outside and they don't like it. the
bird must know that when you open the cage door it means that you will put him
in the cage, and birds don't usually like cages. so, I don't think the bird
don't trust you, but still don't like the cage. 

How to make a breyer horse stable? Hi im a big fan of breyer horses! My breyers
need stables or barns though.....and I need directions and materials on how to
make them. I would like maybe 5 stalls per barn so make sure the stalls are not
that big so it can fit. And I need to know where to buy the materials. Please
make this as simple as you can for my dad doesnt really not that good. Pictures
would help! NOTE:If i see a answer that i love i will make my best right there
and then Breyer horse , miniature/ model replica sketch out floor plan, estimate
size, draw front view, side view, and 3d orthographic perspective views, figure
out how many stalls you want, then measure square cube sections for length and
width of horse, measure size for platform, draw lines and mark sections, measure
out wall sections and height, there are many small details, that you would have
to work on as you go for doors and windows and roof, check hobby shops and craft
shops for small pieces of stock wood panels and wood blocks parts, you want
carpenter wood glue, clamps, possibly small screws to hold corners together,
miniature hinges, tape, paint, saws, drills, pencil ruler, paper, bryer horses
wood can vary from cork wood or balsa wood, or press-board, or plywood, and
pre-cut 2by4 or slats, you can check home depot or hardware shops for larger
pieces, http://www.binkyswoodworking.com/HorseStable.php
http://www.blueoakstables.com/breyerhorsebarns_barn003.asp
http://www.railroadredux.com/tag/northwest-shortline/
http://www.adventurehobbycraft.com/products/hobby_craft_supplies.html#metal
http://www.natureandtech.com/?page_id=2200
http://www.utrechtart.com/Craft-Supplies/Woodworking%20Supplies/ .. 

How can i get my kitten to stop biting when he plays? I have a kitten who just
turned 3 months today. He's a good kitty, just when he plays he bites REALLY
hard. Almost every day he'd even wake me up like 5am in the morning, trying to
bite my arm. And when I move it I guess he figures I'm playing. x.x I read
somewhere that you have to hold his mouth together, and keep it that way til he
panics. That seems cruel to me though. Any other way?? Do you think he's
teething? It's getting out of hand. Yeah, I thought that the holding his mouth
thing sounded wrong. No worries, i didn't try. He does have toys, a scratching
post, LOTS of mice, balls, yarn, a feathery birdy toy, etc. He'd just randomly
walk up to you and start the biting. When i put him off of my bed, he jumps back
on and same thing. he may be teething but i dont think it can be stopped. maybe
buy him toys that he can play with that give him a way to use his energy up yes
do not hold any animals mouth shut it wil close their air way, hes just a kitty
and they are very rambunctious , get him toys. lots of them, feather ones work
best, also when he bites you in the morning put him down off your bed, to show
him that you will not tolerate that, he will get it, hes also probably teething,
so toys are your best bet 

Which rat cage is better? Hi, I want to get a few pet rats and need a rat cage.
(Apart from the wire flooring which i am going to cover) Which of these two
cages is better:
http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/250927098564?var=550057729382&ssPageName=STRK:MEWAX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2649#ht_2079wt_893
http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/130589513308?var=430034792128&ssPageName=STRK:MEWAX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2648#ht_1500wt_660
I cant decide between height or width.
http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/250927098564?var=550057729382&ssPageName=STRK:MEWAX:IT&_trksid=p3984.m1438.l2649#ht_
This one is better for rats. You always want to go higher rather than wider for
rats. They LOVE to climb. You will have to cover the wire flooring like you
said, and make fleece covers for the stairs, so no ratty feet get caught and
broken. This cage will hold about 2 - 3 rats. Both are equal length so go for
the taller one. If you use this cage it's best to remove the wire shelves
altogether and replace it with hammocks and the like. I used one of these cages
short term for a pet and it wasn't that great to be honest, pretty cheaply made,
the door springs are annoying and it doesn't last very well. Here are some
better options IMO:
http://www.equinecaninefeline.com/catalog/mamble-hamster-narrow-100cm-cage-p-12642.html
http://www.equinecaninefeline.com/catalog/abode-large-metal-cage-liberta-free-delivery-p-6679.html
http://www.equinecaninefeline.com/catalog/savic-freddy-cage-free-delivery-p-6750.html
http://www.netpetshop.co.uk/p-19500-savic-chichi-2-chinchilla-rat-degu-ferret-cage.aspx
http://www.justcages.co.uk/ferret-cages/ferplast-furet-plus-ferret-cage#v_431
These are all a bit more expensive than your choice but if you ebay search the
names you may be able to find one second hand...better paying for a second hand
one in good condition than a poorly made new one IMO. The First One Is much
Better! I Have This Exact Cage, Bought From The Exact Ebay User. Its Really Good
And The Rat Calculater Says Is Big Enough For 5 Rats, But I Would Put A Maximum
Of 4 In It Really :) 

is under tank heating or side tank heating better for a corn snake? i was
reading the package for a tank heater i bought for my 40 gallon tank for my
snake and it said it can be put under the tank or on the side. im not worried
about damaging the surface my tank is on because i can prop it up off the
surface anyway. from my understanding, if its heated from the bottom, my snake
risks burning its belly if it burrows and rests directly on top of the glass
over the heater unless i buy some of that reptile carpet to put under the
substrate, but it has better heat distribution if its from the side i dont have
to worry about propping it up, but the snake can still burn itself if it
slithers along the side of the tank and i also read that it doesnt distribute
heat as well? what are your suggestions and opinons? i use UTH's on all of my
burrowing snakes. they will move if they get too warm-it's not like a heat rock
which you should avoid at all costs. i usually put my own natural rock over the
UTH and they are perfectly fine. i have over 40 corns, kings, and milks and have
never had a problem with the UTH system. on the side is a waste-leave it on the
bottom. good luck! Bottom if you are worried about the snake burning itself put
something overt it like newspaper... I now use a 75watt basking or heat bulb for
mine and he seems to like it put the heater on the snake he will love it and the
the next day you will have dinner 

What are good places to eat brunch at? ? My bday is Saturday :) and I wanna have
breakfast/lunch with my fam. I was gonna have a dinner party that night but my
cousin is having Having her bridal shower so brunch is it but the only places I
know are denny's and ihop. Oh and btw I live in los angeles look for places in
like the lb area and torrance etc thanx ^_^ I would strongly suggest "The
Breakfast Club" in Chicago. You can definately plan on a great meal with
reasonable prices. Don't be in a hurry though. Just relax and enjoy. They have
fabulous French toast too. The Breakfast Club & Grill is conveniently located
just two blocks off the Kennedy Expressway. There is always plenty of parking on
the street or in our private lot. If you'd rather dine at home, simply call in
your order with our take-out service. Plenty of parking on the weekends..during
the week please park in the little lot across the street. Directions from the
Kennedy: Take the Ogden Exit off the Kennedy. Go three lights down and take a
right onto Ogden. Continue two blocks to Hubbard and take another right. We're
at the corner of Hubbard and Noble. The Breakfast Club & Grill 1381 W. Hubbard
Chicago, IL 60622 312-666-2372 Tel Email Us Hours of Operation: Monday thru
Friday 6:30am - 8:00pm Saturday & Sunday 7:00am - 5:00pm Happy Hour Monday thru
Friday 4:00pm - 6:00pm $4 appetizers $4 wine $3 Coronas & Heineken Unless you
plan on being late for the bridal shower you might want to post this again in
the L.A. section. 

Question about the sinking of the Titanic? After the sinking of the Titanic in
1912, was there a law made so that ships would carry enough lifeboats to save
everybody on a ship if it was sinking? If yes, was Canada involved in this
act/law? Sorry, I'm just very nervous after watching the movie. SOLAS (Safety Of
Life At Sea), which is an international maritime treaty, came about in response
to the tragedy of the Titanic. Today, it is the primary safety law affecting
virtually all ships, regardless of country of registration. If you ever go on a
cruise ship, you will be required to attend a SOLAS muster drill (lifeboat
drill) within 24 hours of sailing. Most ships perform this drill before even
leaving the dock. SOLAS covers just about every aspect of safety at sea,
including minimum safety equipment, practices, and standards, lifeboats,
navigation practices, fire protection, and so on. We are much safer today on
board ship due to SOLAS, and I suppose if any good came out of the Titanic
tragedy, the adoption of SOLAS is probably it. http://www.caribbean-cruising.net
-------------------------------------------------- Edit: Also I forgot to
mention earlier, most (if not all) cruise ships also practice lifeboat drills
weekly, and it is not uncommon to see them to actually launch the lifeboats into
the water as part of their drill when you are in port. This not only ensures the
lifeboats are operational and will work if needed, but makes the crew proficient
at launching them. I don't think so Don't worry. When was the last time you
heard about a ship sinking? 100 years ago? 

What are some fun things I could do while in Japan? I'll be in Okinawa for about
a week so I was wondering what are some fun things I could do? I'm a 20 year old
female travelling by myself so it could be anything. Besides the obvious tourist
spots which I already have planned for. How is the night life in Naha? Are there
any good venues that showcase underground bands, or just a venue at all? It
doesn't have to be underground it could be any type of music. Thanks The best
thing you can do in Okinawa is to go to a beach. Otherwise, you can do what you
can do in other parts or Japan, like shopping, eating, etc. Or you can visit
temples or shrines in Okinawa. Well first you can try speaking Japanese. Go to a
sumo tournament. Eat at a conveyor-belt sushi restaurant. Climb Mount Fuji.
Okinawa is quite different from the rest of Japan, although of course there are
similarities. The main thing people do there is go to the beach. There's the
market in Naha, which is great. You can find all sorts of fresh food and get a
really delicious, fresh sashimi/sushi lunch upstairs. Try the local sake too if
you can. It's a special kind. I'm not sure that there's much nightlife in Naha.
It's more of a place to go to enjoy the weather, the sea, etc. You might have to
make your own nightlife by finding an izakaya (pub) somewhere. Your best bet
would probably be to get a copy of the Lonely Planet Japan book and read the
chapter on Okinawa. Naha's not a very big city. 

Modern m16 vs Vietnam m16 version? I was playing a video game that has a m16
Vietnam model, and in the game it's 3-shot burst. My brother said they only had
full-auto and semiautomatic during Vietnam. My questions are.. 1) what thes
difference between a modern m16 and Vietnam m16? 2) did Vietnam m16's have a
3-shot burst function? To save money Robert McNamara ordered that the ammunition
for the new M-16s being sent to SEA in the early 60s use an older (dirtier) type
of gunpowder meant for use with the M-14. He also ordered that the receiver not
get a (I think chrome) coating that helped keep the gun from jamming. Than the
troops being issued the weapon were told it was self-cleaning, which it wasn't.
As a result there was a problem with the weapon jamming. Once the troops started
cleaning the weapon properly (even with the dirtier powder) the Vietnam era M-16
turned out to be a good weapon for the purpose it was being used for. The
screw-up was the kind of things you have happen when you have bean-counters (and
McNamara was nothing if not a bean-counter) instead of soldiers in charge of the
military. Today's weapons do not have that kind of problem, and are much more
reliable. 1) modern m16 is alright. Vietnam m16 used to clog up and never work.
2) All M16's are either automatic or semi automatic. No one uses 3 burst. you
play too much cod ;P modern m16 is best 

Planning on going to New Zealand in January. Is it OK to holiday in Christchurch
since the Earthquakes? Are the hotels back up and running? Are there still
aftershocks? Planning on going to North and South Island. Is it safe to go to
Rotarua, since the earthquakes? Rotorua is fine. I'm assuming this was in
reference to the January earthquake, don't worry, it was very deep, so nothing
was effected :) As for Christchurch, yes the aftershocks are still happening,
but these are fairly small - you can feel them, but the don't do any damage.
Since lots of people are still living there, then it must be fine to visit.
However the CBD is closed of to the public as a lot of it is still rubble and
stuff and hasn't been cleared away yet. I'm sure that you can find some hotels
that are running in the christchurch area, but if not then there would be some
in close by towns. Despite the aftershocks I would recommend going to
Christchurch, just for the experience and then you can see first hand how things
get effected by earthquakes. Have fun in New Zealand!! (ps. I'm assuming you'll
stop off in Wellington, and since its summer, may I recommend kaffee eis ice
creams and gelatos? Just recently discovered them last time I was down there,
they're very nice) www.kaffeeeis.co.nz Loads of places have geographical
hazards, if you are constantly paranoid, you'll never get anywhere without a
sense of adventure. In case of an earthquake, stay under a sturdy table and
don't go outside as possible debris will fall. Yes it's ok. Yes, yes and yes.
Nothing wrong with rotorua 

Help?! What size horse do i need? Im around 5'2 - 5'4 , 11 years old and im
wondering what size horse i'll need that i wont grow out of quickly? thanks
louise I would say it really depends on your riding ability, what disciplines
you are interested in doing, or plan on doing, etc. But I would go for the base
number of 15hh. It's "tall" being it's bigger than a pony, but it's on the small
end for a horse. I got my horse when I was 12 and I was already 5'9-5'10,
thankfully I stopped growing when I hit 5'11" but my horse is about 16.2 or
16.3hh, TB. So don't be afraid to get something a little bigger than "perfect"
just in case you hit a growth spurt. A taller horse doesn't always mean a horse
you can't handle. Keep that in mind. Also keep in mind whether you want to be
able to jump up from the ground, if you even need to, etc. You just want to be
sure you can groom and saddle sufficiently and the horse itself is calm enough
so that whatever size it is, you can handle it. i'm5'3-4" and am 21 well will be
in Nov and my horse is 14.2hh and she's perfect size for me i can hop right on
with no mounting block.....only with a saddle though haha i can't bareback, not
yet If you Don't want to grow out of it quickly get a 14'2 .. Anything smaller
you will grow out, anything bigger will be too big and difficult to control and
manage, especially when riding. Hope I helped :) 

Where in the world is Iguazu? Iguazu Falls Widely considered to be one of the
most spectacular waterfalls in the world, the Iguazu Falls on the border of
Argentina and Brazil, are a certainly must see attraction in the area. The
centre of the falls is known locally as ‘Garganta Del Diablo’ (The Devil’s
Throat), where the huge volume of water sends a constant mist of spray into the
air. With the sun shinning down on the spray, creating a rainbow in the
foreground, this is the perfect place to get that trademark Iguazu Falls
photograph. However, save some of your shots for the rest of the falls, as in
total there are around 270 cascades that spread out over nearly 2 miles of the
Iguazu River. The Iguazu Falls are easily accessible and, dependent on your time
restrictions and budget, you can get to the area by either bus or plane. The
nearest towns to the site are Puerto Iguazu in Argentina, about 12 miles from
the falls, and Foz do Iguaçu in Brazil, which is equally close. Both towns have
airports that are served regularly from the larger cities such as Sao Paulo, Rio
de Janeiro and Buenos Aires. The bus is obviously the cheaper option, and
travelling up from Buenos Aires the trip is a full 20 hours, although the buses
are very comfortable with spacious reclining seats. The bus trip down from Sao
Paulo is a similar affair taking around 18 hours. Foz on the Brazilian side is
the larger town, however both are geared up to cater for visitors to the
Waterfalls and National Parks, and so offer a range of accommodation for all
budgets. For those with a larger appetite for the scenery and a larger budget,
there are some hotel complexes much closer to the action with views of parts of
the falls. 

Paris or England while studying aboard? I am going to try and study aboard but
idk where I can go I cannot decide where do you think would be the best place to
go?where would you go? I have never been anywhere out side my home town
Charlotte north Carolina please help!!!! definitely London - you speak the
language and will have more fun. The French tend to look down on the Americans
and treat them bad. London is a deliteful city to visit and easy to get around.
You will be able to have a good time there. % As you're from the States you'll
have much more fun in London. Parisians dislike Americans for their lack of
speaking French and proper French manners. I was told to leave a restaurant
because I ordered water with my meal (apparently this is "washing down" your
food") and not ordering wine. You'll need to have intermediate French to have a
good time in Paris. However, outside Paris everybody is wonderful. Nobody likes
the Parisians, even then Parisians don't like Parisians. South France is
wonderful, right on the Mediterranean. It's beautiful and the people are
extremely friendly. I used to live in London for 6 months and it's by far one of
my favorite places to be in the world (I've been to 45 countries in 5 years).
Everything about the place is magical and the people are mostly friendly.
However, if you're allowed another option and you want a small-town feel, then
head to Edinburgh, Scotland. I lived there for 8 months. If your French is
good/moderate, then head to Paris without a doubt. I also highly recommend
staying with a French family. I did this at age 13 in Champagne, France and it
was the most amazing experice of my upbringing. 

does the bta have to be paid first to come to canada? There is NO such thing as
a BTA. That is a term invented by online romance scammers
http://www.country-couples.co.uk/datingtips/basic-travel-allowance-bta-dating-scam/
"Second only to flight money, the Basic Travel Allowance (BTA) is the scammers
highest paying income. Also known as the Personal Travel Allowance, Travellers
Allowance Fee, Travellers Assistance Fund, Travellers Assurance Fund and
numerous other forms of “I have to have wodges of your cash or they won’t let me
fly”. Let’s get this over with now… THERE IS NO SUCH THING any more, anywhere,
it’s an online dating scam."
http://www.romancescam.com/forum/viewtopic.php?t=7231 "THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS
BASIC TRAVEL ALLOWANCE!! Please remember: there is NO such thing. There is NO
such requirement, in any country of the world. This is an invention of the
scammers. " A single call to CIC will confirm there is NO such thing as a BTA to
Canada and anyone asking for this is a scammer
http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/contacts/index.asp Just pray that you have not ever
given this criminal enough information for your identity to be stolen - your
full name, birthdate, home address, etc or that you were not conned into sending
money. This person is not coming to visit you - the whole point of this scam is
to gain your trust enough to steal your money and identity Contact the
Anti-Fraud Centre to report this
http://www.antifraudcentre-centreantifraude.ca/english/home-eng.html No. BTA
only exists in the mind of SCAMMERS. 100% SCAM. cut of all contact and tighten
up your PC security. There is no such thing as a BTA or "Basic Travel
Allowance"-this is 100% a scam-as the first poster said,cut off any and all
contact with this person-they are NOT who or what they are claiming to be.The
below site from the US government verifies this-it's the same for Canada
,too..... http://nigeria.usembassy.gov/scams.html 

How can i make my Jack Dempsey reproduce? i have a Mature male and female they
are together a lot but never laid eggs as far as i know can anyone help me
figure out how to make them mate He's the issue, you are trying to "Make" them
mate. This is like trying to Make 2 people get married. It doesn't work. First
you need a compatible pair. Sounds like your 2 at least tolerate each other, so
there is hope there. Then the need to be mature, that is, old enough, and big
enough to breed. This may be around 1/2 of their full adult size, probably 4-5"
for those guys. Then the environment. Large tank, no annoying tankmates, perfect
water conditons and really good feeding. The difference is what they need to
live, VS what's ideal for them. Get that right, and they will mate when THEY are
ready. You can't MAKE them mate, you can only encourage them. Ian Jack Dempseys
are not an easy cichlid to breed. Most of the time one is more interested in
breeding than the other. Bredders take the one that in not very interested and
put it alone in a breeeding tank for 3-5 days. The tank should have a hide space
big enough for one fish, or a few of them, but at least 1 cave big enough for
two fish to fit in. The p H should be 6.5-7. Now feed the one in the breeding
tank as much bloodworms, blackworms and/or earthworms as it can eat for 3-5
days. Then add the other mate. They may not respond right away and they may
fight so ther smaller one can fit in one of hide spaces if it gets attacked.
When the males aggressive behavior stops, it is ready to spawn. The two lay
their eggs inside the cave you made for them. Turn the water temp up to 82
degrees 

Please help with my cats bladder issue? I have a 1 1/2 year old female calico.
When she was spayed the vet had a hard time because she only has one uterine
horn and he said this could mean she only has on kidney. Recently she has been
peeing A LOT. I'm talking soaking all the litter box and then some. She is also
peeing around the box and somehow it gets underneath. I don't have the money to
take her to a vet right now but it's getting to be an issue. I have to scrub the
floor 2-3 times a week now. What could be the issue and can I try some home
remedies first? I love her and want to help her but I don't know when I'll be
able to take her to to vet :( please help. First of all, I am very sorry to hear
you're having this issue with your cat. :( Frequent urination is a sign of
several things. Bladder or Urinary tract infections are two common ones, but
these usually are frequent visits, with small amounts of urine being passed. If
there is blood in the urine, or the cat seems to be in pain, then that is also a
good indicator. But your cat is passing a LOT of urine, and this is bad. Given
the chance your cat may only have one kidney, I would think the worst case
scenario would be kidney disease, which untreated can lead to possible renal
failure. Signs of this can be hard to spot, and if this is true in her case she
will definitely need to see a vet. Vomiting, bad breath, and listlessness.
Seizures will occur when the toxins that the kidney normally filters out are
released into the blood stream. I know you are very worried, but getting her to
the vet is the best thing you can do for her. In the meantime make sure she had
plenty of water available to her. 

I want to apply for canada skilled immigeration program.I got only 63 points
while 67 minimunm is requirement.? Can i apply with 63 points? According to the
Citizenship and Immigration Canada web site at
http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/skilled/assess/index.asp , it states
"Note: you must meet the minimum requirements for your application to be
eligible for processing." HOWEVER ... that same web page also states that "The
current pass mark is 67. The pass mark could change. You should check for
updated information on a regular basis." The Skilled Worker category was my
first attempt at permanent residency. And between the time I began my research
and the time I applied, the minimum score did change once. Unfortunately, both
minimums were above my score. But I got lucky because I qualified under another
category to become a permanent resident. So keep checking at least on a weekly
basis. GOOD NEWS ... I found a web page run by Canadian Immigration Lawyers at
http://www.canadavisa.com/canadian-immigration-faq-skilled-workers.html . Here
is what they posted there "4. May I qualify under the Skilled Worker category
even if I score less than 67 points?" "If the Canadian Immigration Visa Officer
believes that the point total does not accurately reflect your ability to become
economically established in Canada, the Canadian Immigration Visa Officer may
use his or her positive discretion (referred to as substituted evaluation) and
approve your application even though you score less than 67 points." Read the
full answer at that web page for conditions. Sure you can apply. The points
system acts as a guide to sort out the best candidates. Your application is
still evaluated on a number of criteria, not all of them as "cast in steel" as
the points. Go ahead, send in your application. NOTE to BEN .67 is the minimum
score, anything below that is filed in the "circular file basket ". Why have a
"minimum " if it is going to be ignored ? Jim B Toronto. 

I'm mad and don't know what to do! Please help!? Alright, so my dad had been
wanting me to check my e mail for a few days but I never got around to it. (I
just thought he wanted me to see one of those chain letter things again) so I
fineally checked it, and it was an e mail from southwest airlines telling me the
flight dates for out family trip to Florida!!! I got so excited!!!! It said it
was in January but still!!!! So I kept reading and then I saw the dates, it was
from mid day Friday and arriving home mid day monday. :( then I think I just
kind of stopped smiling and just kind of sat there looking at the dates. (we
live in Pennsylvania btw) I'm mad and upset now! Don't get me wrong I want to
go, but for 2 days -_- I mean seriously. We are taking a 3 hour flight down to a
fancy island in Florida and staying only 2 days. ****sigh**** not trying to
sound snooty or stuck up but I mean really! Can someone please make me feel
better about this trip!!!! A least your going.! Enjoy those 2 days it better
then not going at all.! and it will be fun 2 days cause you will busy going to a
lot of beautiful places, i can afford to go so be happy you have the money to
go. :D Well, I mean, you don't have to be mad about it. At least you get to go
to Florida in JANUARY. And, having only two days makes you realize what you have
with your family. "Nothing Gold Can Stay", honey. Enjoy it while you can, and
then if your family enjoys it you can go again for a longer period of time. If
they don't like it, it'll only be two days, remember? Hope you have a crapload
of fun! (In a good way...) 

What is Italian High Renaissance? Have a look at this, it may help. 1) The
Italian Renaissance began the opening phase of the Renaissance, a period of
great cultural change and achievement in Europe that spanned the period from the
end of the 13th century to about 1600, marking the transition between Medieval
and Early Modern Europe. The term renaissance is in essence a modern one that
came into currency in the 19th century, in the work of historians such as Jacob
Burckhardt. Although the origins of a movement that was confined largely to the
literate culture of intellectual endeavor and patronage can be traced to the
earlier part of the 14th century, many aspects of Italian culture and society
remained largely Medieval; the Renaissance did not come into full swing until
the end of the century. The word renaissance (Rinascimento in Italian) means
“rebirth”, and the era is best known for the renewed interest in the culture of
classical antiquity after the period that Renaissance humanists labelled the
Dark Ages. These changes, while significant, were concentrated in the elite, and
for the vast majority of the population life was little changed from the Middle
Ages. 2)The expression High Renaissance, in art history, is a periodizing
convention used to denote the apogee of the visual arts in the Italian
Renaissance. The High Renaissance period is traditionally taken to begin in the
1490s, with Leonardos fresco of the Last Supper in Milan and the death of
Lorenzo de' Medici in Florence, and to have ended in 1527 with the sacking of
Rome by the troops of Charles V. This term was first used in German
(Hochrenaissance) in the early nineteenth century, and has its origins in the
"High Style" of painting and sculpture described by Johann Joachim
Winckelmann.[1] Over the last twenty years, use of the term has been frequently
criticized by academic art historians for over-simplifying artistic
developments, ignoring historical context, and focusing only on a few iconic
works. [2] Hope it helps! 

I'm American and I am going to the UK for the first time, what should I expect?
I just need to talk to an another american who has gone to the UK before so that
I know what expect when arriving at the airport and with going through visa
process and everything. do you get your visitors visa immediately at the
airport? I was told that americans automatically get a six months visitors visa.
do you have to go through a medical exam right away? drug test? blood test? or
do i just show them passport and walk through the gates? i have talked to some
people that say that a medical exam is an invasion of privacy and other say its
a routine thing when entering another country. I honestly have no idea what to
expect or prepare for and calling in to get professional advice from either of
the embassies costs by the minute- which I really don't have the money for. I'm
really worried cause I have no idea who to talk to and want everything to go
smoothly. An American passport should get you right into the country, there is
no need for a VISA, for six months. There is no medical exam or blood test or
others like that. You do not need to call the embassies to get professional
advice. http://travel.state.gov/travel/cis_pa_tw/cis/cis_1052.html Above is the
link to the Department of State travel website, which will give you all the info
that you need, including passport information. It is free. I never stayed more
than two weeks at a time when I visited the U.K. You should be fine with just a
passport, unless you're staying longer than six months. You should double check
with the necessary embassy before you leave though. I am not sure how well you
planned this trip. You'll have a great time, so no worries there. I visited
London, Edinburgh, and St. Andrews so far, and I was treated very well and with
great kindness. Just treat everyone else as you would want to be treated, and
you'll be fine. That tactic never failed me. 

What would you get if you cross a sussex male and a silkie female? i had a
sussex male and a pekin female i bought 2 silkies what would the sussex female
and the silkie females would make ?if you had any pics of your hens i would like
to see them to compare them to mine thanks? A Sussex crossed with Silkie would
make a crossbred *mutt* chicken. There are a lot of genetics at play between a
Sussex and Silkie, so the offspring would vary in appearance. You don't say what
color Silkie or Sussex you are dealing with so I can't say what color your
chicks would be likely to be. However, I can say what features they would/could
have. Feather Type. Silkies have hookless feathers. Sussexs have soft feathers.
All offspring from this cross will have soft feathers, as hookless feathers are
a recessive gene. Skin Color: Silkies have black skin color, which is dominate.
Sussex have White Skin which could be recessive or dominate. Either way rec. and
dom. white genes dilute the black gene. Skin will be darker but lighter then the
Silkies. Beards/Muffs: If your Silkie has a beard/muff the offspring could have
a beard as well, as these genes are incomplete dominate. Feathered Feet/Shanks-
Chicks could have feathered feet/shanks as this is also incomplete dominate.
Crest: Chicks could also develop a small crest due to this being another
incomplete dominate gene. Comb Type: Silkies have walnut combs which is actually
genetically two comb types (Rose and Pea) single is also there, but is
recessive. So crossed to a Sussex you could get a walnut, pea, rose, or single
combed bird. Five Toes: Silkies have five toes. Sussex have four toes. Crossed
together (five toes is incompletely dominate) chicks could develop to have an
fifth toe on both, or even one foot. Silkie crosses are great birds, and very
neat looking. Hens make excellent mothers as they are bigger, can see better,
and are smarter the Silkies. Best wishes, Jamie/RhodeRunner 

I took some photos of my model girlfriend with my Nikon D7000. What do you think
of these photos? http://i.imgur.com/S2MD2.jpg http://i.imgur.com/T2zff.jpg
http://i.imgur.com/Xytex.jpg I took some photos of my model girlfriend with my
Nikon D7000 (see links above). What do you think of these photos? The lighting
was not the best, but the pics turned out ok in my opinion. deleting a question
where you dont like the answer won't get you better answers... i refer to my
previous answer: you need to learn about white balance, composition, angle, and
work on using the camera properly... [edit - and she most be very new to
modeling, because she does look unsure of her poses) lol, he has posted this so
many times today already.clearly hes mad that people know he took her pic off
the net and it's NOT his gf Not bad, but too many distracting elements for my
taste. For example: In the photo on the couch, the pillow she is resting on
clashes with everything else in the shot. There are also some distracting
background elements like the light fixture and what looks like a door handle on
the left. In the standing photo (from the front) there is a corner of a rug
creeping in, some kind of box in the lower right corner and what looks like a
power cord. In the shot from the back, the crumpled bottom of the curtain is
pretty noticeable as well as the power outlet. Compositionally, this one is not
my favorite, I would suggest trying a different crop because I dont think
cutting her off at the calf looks great. I do like the shadow, though. My
suggestion is to pay close attention to what's going on in the background and if
possible, stand on a chair, get on the ground, do whatever you need to do to get
rid of distracting elements. Using a fairly wide aperture is also helpful in
blurring out unwanted background elements. I've had a few great shots ruined
myself because there was something in the background I didn't notice at first. 

what are some unique customs in ireland? As far ask I’m aware our most unique
custom would be the “Country Wake”. In all my travels I’ve never seen anything
like it and am often met with an odd look when I explain them to foreigners.
After a person dies, their remains are “waked ” in their home for roughly
2-3days. In this time visitors will come to the house, pay their respects to the
desisted and their family and have a couple of cups of tea with a sandwich or a
bun. The wake also included the night sit were friends and family sit up through
the night with the remains. Wakes are common both north and south of the boarder
with Protestants and Catholics alike. But only really in the countryside. The
only notable difference I have noticed is that in the south of Ireland one night
of the wake is often held in the chapel the night before the funeral, this
tradition started after the civil war. Another unique custom (and a dying one at
that) is the Pioneers. The Pioneers was an organization started at the end of
the 19th century which pushed and supported the ideal of temperance (abstaining
from alcohol), in an attempt to deal with the massive issue of alcoholism that
Ireland was gripped by. Pioneers take a pledge to remain tee-total and at the
hight of the organization popularity, had an estimated two million members even
filling Croke Park on the 25th anniversary. I my self am one but appreciate that
the organization is unlikely to make into the 22nd century. The Orange Order and
the 12th of July Marches would be argued by some not to be an Irish custom but
unarguable ticks every criteria to be considered one. The marches on the 12th of
July are only really attended by protestants in the Ulster but in spite of the
are the largest attended paraded in Ireland. Barn brack and the ring. the irish
customs we have in our family are; we make sinnel cake for easter ,barn brack
and col-cannon for Halloween.christmas cake for christmas day. 

Do animals see images on a TV screen like humans do? Do animals see images on a
TV screen like humans do? I'm unsure of this, because once I watched a
commercial of cat food with my cat and she didn't react to seeing another cat on
TV. I heard that a company (here is a link:
http://news.yahoo.com/nestl-purina-releases-commercial-aimed-dogs-183443091.html
) is trying to make a dog food commercial aimed at dogs, complete with squeaky
chew-toy sounds, and high pitched sounds that humans can't hear. As far as I
understand, this ad will get dogs excited, but my question is: Can dogs actually
see the images featured in the advert like humans? Also, can animals remember
images on TV like us, humans? If so, then does that mean that if you watched a
scary movie and your dog/cat/parrot was in the same room as you they will also
get scared? I wouldn't know--I don't particularly like scary movies, and I
haven't tried this with my pet. Although, I don't think that scary movies will
affect pets for a long time; I am sure they'll forget sometime--or am I wrong?
So what about T.V.? Do dogs enjoy watching T.V.? Well, T.V. is a series of
flickering pictures that are streamed together to make a moving picture. The
pictures are broadcast at a rate of about 60Hz, which is how fast they need to
move for us to see them as a moving, flawless picture. To a dog, watching T.V.
is a lot like watching and old scratchy silent film because their flicker fusion
seems to occur at a rate of 70 to 80Hz. So they see the pictures flicker slower
and there for it seems choppy to them. So chances are that if your dog likes to
watch T.V., it’s probably because of the sounds. Hearing is a dog’s secondary
sense, and I will discuss that in another blog entery. Yes they do. im pretty
sure that they do see things on the tv screen because my cat chases things
around the tv screen 

How much should I be looking at for horse transportation? I need one horse
transported to shows throughout the 2012 show season, and the location is about
3 hours away from where I live. The place where I'm boarding is not likely to
want to take me this far, and I do not have any ways of hauling him myself. So I
want to hire someone (or multiple people) to transport me to these shows. If
they ask how much I'm willing to pay, what is a good price range? I saw a site
that charges $0.70 per mile. Is that reasonable? Impossible to say, but I guess
you would have to work out fuel consumption for the particular vehicle that they
are using and pay a proportion of that, and some on top for the driver's time
and effort, unless you are able to share transport with another or more, that
would keep the costs down. Remember that you get what you pay for. Three hours
isn't far, but you are doing multiple shows. Some people are willing to take
your horse, but they really have old trailers that are not the safest in the
world. Rusted, torn corners in the stalls, unhealthy air, straight load instead
of slant load can all make travelling hard, if not downright dangerous, on your
horse. I had my horse transported from CA to WA and he came on this big, open
stock trailer. He was dehydrated when he got there and lost weight. Since then,
I now use a professional horse hauling service with people who ride with my
horse to keep an eye on him, stop every few hours for water, and their trailers
all have super smooth suspension. All horses I've had delivered to me since then
are happy and healthy when they arrive. I would call Bob Hubbard Transport and
get a quote. Even though you may not want to use them, it will give you some
idea of what it might cost and what is fair. See link below. Make sure the
trailer service you use is bonded/insured and knows something about first aid. 

Do they have this anywhere? I want to take a cruise around the world. I mean
literally around the world if possible. First of if i went alone on a regular
cabin how much would you estimate it would be just a guess.Second is there any
way to sort of customize the places you wanna go to? Like you can pick the
destinations? But if not just say no but i hope there is like one out there
somewhere. 1. Here's a site that lists world cruises including prices.
http://www.cruisecompete.com/specials/regions/world/1 Prices listed, however,
are usually based on two people in a cabin, and you will likely face some high
"single supplement" costs in addition. (Two people in a cabin will spend more
onboard, so cruise lines charge you more to sail alone. You may be able to do
better on the rates if you request competitive quotes via CruiseCompete). 2.
Short of chartering your own ship and crew, I don't see any way you could
customize your own itinerary. Good luck! Various world cruises from most of the
major cruise lines, typically 100 days in duration. Travelling on your own you
would have to pay double as cabins are sold on the basis of double occupancy. No
possibility to customise ports of call. Prearranged about 18 months in advance
as the cruise lines sell segments all along the way i.e Transatlantic to London
(England), England to Barcelona (Spain), Barcelona to Alexandria (Egypt), Egypt
to India via Suez canal etc. yes there are multiple around the world cruises,
mainly offered by the more upscale lines. HOWEVER: you will pay as if there are
2 people in the cabin, even if it is just you. so any price you find, DOUBLE IT
figure, $40K at least. and no you cannot customize an itinerary unless you book
several different legs of a cruise with stops in between on shore.. say book a
Panamal Canal crossing, then fly to Asia and pick it up again and sail to India
then fly to Europe to sail the Med before flying to England to hit the
Transatlantic corssing. 

Was the San Francisco Bay Area mostly Caucasian back in the early 1970s? No.
There has been a large Asian presence in the SF Bay Area for a long time--the
Chinatown here was the largest population of chinese outside of China, there
were lots of Japanese who'd been displaced during WWII. The whole Western
Addition and a large portion of the Haight was black. The Mission was basically
latin-american. As the southeast asians and philipinos came over, they added to
the cultures. So, the Bay Area has been fairly mixed ethnically for a long
time--caucasians may have seemed to be a large populous but that's because most
tourists back then were caucasian and many of the hippies were caucasians so
that's who the photographers took pictures of. The other ethicities weren't well
represented in politics yet--or rather, they were just breaking the color
barrier in the 70's due largely to the more open-minded hippy generation. Marin
County was predominantly caucasian and many of the expanding outer east bay
areas started out as white suburbs. It was not so long after Civil Rights laws
against discrimination started to have an impact. You never saw black MUNI
drivers, Asian police, Latino politicians until then. It was an evolution. Many
illegals were not counted in the population until the mid-80s. We did not have
big percent of Chinese migration until the mid 90s. We had fewer people running
across the Mexican border then. We had fewer social benefits at that time for
people so many immigrants were not counted. Only Caucasians had any political
power, corporate presence or owned businesses except for Mom and Pop stores in
some neighborhoods. San Francisco was settled in the 19th and 20th century by
mainly European immigrants except for some Asian workers who were manual
laborers. There has always been a Mexican-American cultural influence since
Calif was owned by Mexico. We had a larger black population in the 70s than we
have now but they did not have any power until Willie Brown was elected. San
Francisco was always progressive and welcoming and tolerant to all kinds of
people historically. The counties outside San Francisco were more white than San
Francisco in the 70s. EDIT: My memory may not be good so you might get a more
accurate answer from someone else who remembers the time. 

Can rabbits and chickens live together? I am thinking about getting a rabbit as
a pet, but my parents said that it has to stay outside. We also own two chickens
that are kept in a run behind out garage/barn thing. There is already a little
dog house that I would turn into a little rabbit hutch being kept back there and
I was thinking about keeping the rabbit in the run with the chickens, but
keeping the chickens in the coop and the rabbit in the hutch at night. However,
in the day time would it be okay for the rabbit to hop around along with the
chickens? We feed the chickens scraps of veggies and fruits throughout the day,
but it's nothing that a rabbit wouldn't be able to digest just fine. So, can
rabbits and chickens live together as long as they have separate places for
their food and water? (The rabbit hutch would have an opening only big enough
for the rabbit, the chickens would not be able to get to the rabbit food) Also,
is it okay if the rabbit occasionally sneaks a few bites of chicken feed? My
last rabbit did that a few times, and he was fine...I just wanna make sure :)
Thank! Yes,but be sure that your chickens are all hens(I mean not
roosters),Roosters may attack rabbits or anything they see moving,so be aware of
that,hens are friendly with almost all kinds of pets! From my experience
Hens(Not roosters) are very friendly with duck,Guinea
pigs,kittens,cows,Rabbits,etc. Be sure not to feed your rabbits non-veg items!
You said they live in different cages and they are free in day,so no
problem,don't put both of them in one cage because rabbits bedding is different
than that of hens,wet bedding can cause diseases in them! So,don't put both of
them in one cage. Good luck! yea i guess but rabbits a easily escape a pen or
another rabbit could get in there and that rabbit could be the opposite gender.
So be very careful and some feeds could be toxic to rabbits and safe for
chickens.Rabbits do burrow also so don't be surprised if chicken are falling
into holes. rabbits are delicate and can get diseases so watch out for that. 

melting brass did not work? my friends and I are trying to melt bras to make
some little figures. we have made a furnace as such, we took a clay flower pot
with a hole in the bottom put a piece of steel pipe in the middle of it with a
cap on the bottom, filled the pipe with brass scrap, surounded the pipe with
charcoal lit it off and pumped air through the hole in the pot, everything got
red hot but did not melt. what am I doing wrong I would recommend to start with
something more simple like tin, pewter, aluminum or zinc, they all have a much
more reasonable melting point. I'll just echo both other answers. Molten brass
is damn hot and usually it's pressurized gas and forced air or oxygen. Even if
you did melt it, I doubt you foresaw the issues of handling it and pouring it.
It's really too advanced for a beginner, both in tooling and safety. Just the
zinc fumes will get you, if you don't take precautions. Pewter is perfect for
what you are doing, and it melts on a stove top. I would recommend to start with
something more simple like tin, pewter, aluminum or zinc, they all have a much
more reasonable melting point. Brass has an even higher melting point than
bronze and I would think your charcoal just doesn't get hot enough. I bet you
also did take charcoal as it is used for barbecue which does not get as hot as
real coal (e.g. for blacksmithing one needs coal, not barbecue charcoal). I have
done a fair amount of metal casting, but never tried to build my own furnace,
but I think your version is just too small and doesn't get hot enough. I have
melted small amounts of bronze in a crucible with a large propane torch (much
larger than the plumbers torch, but it can be run of those propane cylinders you
can buy for a gas grill). I melt brass and cast it
http://www.mikegigi.com/castgobl.htm Brass melts at just under 2000F which is a
bright yellow heat, not red hot. http://www.mikegigi.com/techspec.htm#SELCTEMP
You might be able to make a version of your setup work, but it would take quite
a bit of charcoal and a lot of forced air. I use propane with a blower and a
burner I built http://www.mikegigi.com/meltmetl.htm and
http://www.mikegigi.com/firehole.htm 

Should all UK towns and their cafes or restaurants provide Halal food? Some
friends of mine visited Dartmouth in Devon whilst on holiday last summer. They
could not find any cafes or food shops that provided Halal prepared foods. Its
important to their religion that they only consume Halal food. Even if you buy a
cake in a bakers you can not be too what happens in the kitchen, for example the
cake may have been sliced using a knife used for preparing ham. Its simply not
just a case of avoiding pork, alcohol and only being allowed to eat halal
prepared meat, but the kitchen and its utensils should not have been used for
prohibited foods. Places like Dartmouth are supposed to be tourist towns and
should provide foods for people of all religions. We all enjoy buying a snack
when visiting a town or attraction while on holiday. Not everyone wants to bring
packed lunch. Its not fair if some people have to go without buying food because
no place will provide suitable food for them. I think its only fair that
nowadays every town should provide at least one halal cafe or restaurant and
hopefully one day every British catering establishment will be halal. When I
went to Bosnia, all the meat was Halal. I will not eat halal meat, so guess
what, I opted for foods which weren't a meat dish, there were plenty of other
options. I could not go to their country and demand they slaughter and sell an
animal as meat the way I prefer to eat it. When you go to another country, you
live by their way of life and their laws, if you don't like it, you know how to
get back out the country (but I guess our benefits system is too much to throw
away, huh). Cafes and restaurants rarely use the same cutlery for different food
groups anyway, they normally have blue for bakery items, red for cooked meat,
brown for raw meat, etc - all for food preparation and hygiene policies. No. To
prevent animal cruelty, many countries forbid Halal and Kosher meat. Switzerland
is one, and the Netherlands are passing the same law. It will become EU law in a
couple of years. We can't dictate what business wants to open where. If someone
thinks there is a business opportunity then they will start opening halal only
places. 

How to convince my parents to let me get a Ball python? They don't know ANYTHING
about Ball pythons. When I ask my mom she says she will never let a snake in her
house. She has no experience with snakes and has never held one. I did all my
research and am well prepared to keep one, I'm 14 by the way Lay some knowledge
on them dude. Maybe if they see how much time and effort you've devoted to
researching the animal they'll reconsider. Tell them it costs like 8 dollars a
month (if even that much) to keep it fed. Be helpful around the house to show
that even if you can't pay for it yourself that youre willing to work for it.
Once you've buttered them up a bit try to get them to the pet store and ask one
of the employees to handle the snake showing your mom how gentle and harmless
they can be. Maybe even try to get your mom to hold it a bit. My wife was
TERRIFIED of snakes when we first met, I introduced her to one out my baby corn
snakes and she fell in love with it. Be persistent, but don't pester them about
it cause that'll get you nowhere fast. Good luck! My general convince your
parents to let you get a reptile advice: 1. Be responsible. Do all your chores
without being nagged, take care of any existing pets, keep your room clean, and
so on. Prove, to your parents' satisfaction, that you, not they, will be the one
actually taking care of your new pet. 2. Save up, and research, so that you are
ready for your new pet. 3. Bargain with them. Offer to do extra chores, ask for
your pet as a reward for good grades, something like that. 4. Play the sympathy
card. If you can find a pet at a shelter, or that a friend needs to get rid of
because they're moving or whatever, you might be able to talk your parents into
"giving it a good home" where you might not be able to talk them into buying a
new pet. On the fear angle--talk her into coming to the pet store with you. Once
you're there, ask if you can hold a ball python. Once you're holding it, try to
get her to touch/pet it... 

My Snake's meal is TOO big, what can I do? Just today I bought a medium rat for
my beloved Ball Python Salazar (name after Harry Potter). Last time I got a
medium rat it was a girl and my snake handled her easily. But today, I got a boy
and realized that he is HUGE! I really do love my snake cause she is actually an
affectionate cold-blooded creature. So my true question comes to this, how can I
knock the rat out? If I threw him against a wall and still conscious he will run
away, do I hang him by the tail so the blood can flush into his skull? I really
do need answers and advice, and NOT INSULTING ANSWERS!! LIKE SERIOUSLY!! >:(
Best answer shall receive points :) iw ould just stick him in the tank and let
your snake have a nice hunt for once, snakes jaws detach for this sort of this
thing, so why not give her a good hunt, but if you do want him knock him id just
throw him against the wall or something,, lol i dont know, i agree with you
though throw him, haha Ok so if youre snake will take pre-killed, you can "gas
it". Just put the rat in a sealed tupperwear container with no airholes and wait
until it passes out and dies and then feed it. If it won't take pre-killed and
you usually feed live then you could hold the rat by the tail and whack it
against a hard surface, like a refrigerator or wall. I don't like that option
though - I think it's pretty cruel and I'd not done properly you'll end up
really hurting the rat but not stunning him enough to stop possible injury to
your snake. I would do the tupperwear idea TBH - easiest and most humane. You
could also just wait until the rat passes out for about 1 minute and them feed
it - at this point, it could still have a bit of a heart beat and be slightly
still alive. And also maybe try holding the rat in feeding prongs so your snake
can get a good hold and grip on his prey. Good luck! Just my opinion here - no
judgement - getting your snake on frozen/thawed will prove to be much easier for
you and safer for your snake in the long run. My opinion - take it for what it's
worth… :-) 

Looking to move to Toronto? I am a 20 something gay black male and I am looking
for suggestions on neighborhoods close to the downtown Toronto area. Im moving
from South Carolina so this will already be a huge culture shock. Any
suggestions? Being gay and living in Toronto is just fine. You may consider the
Gay Village on Church Street, right downtown. It is full of gay friendly
"everything". But, you could live where ever you fancy takes you. For obvious
reasons, knowing how extremely difficult it is to drive a car in the city, you
should probably try to be near the subway system. But, can you immigrate? Being
an American guarantees you no favours when it come to going to Canada. Start
your process here, if you haven't already. (Marrying a Canadian is not enough -
that doesn't count for at least two years.)
http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/index.asp A normal processing time,
unless you have an advanced degree or a "specified" skill is from 3 - 5 years.
Coming to stay, and overstay your three months visit will lead to immediate
expulsion and a lifetime ban to immigrate to Canada - NOT GOOD. Lets be clear
about this...........Just 'wanting to come to Canada " is NOT enough. You MUST
apply, to become a Immigrant, and WAIT to be approved, by the Canadian
Government. YOUR education ( the more the better ) and your past work history,
combined with a CLEAN FBI and State Police record, and a satisfactory financial
history ( no bankruptcies or large outstanding debts in the USA ) are all taken
into consideration. It is a competition, and YOU will be competing with hundreds
of thousands of others, from all over the world, for a place in the line up. IF
you have NOT begun the Application process's NOW< you are about 2 to 3 years
away from being approved by Immigration Canada. So don't pack your bags ,yet.
Whatever you do ...............DO NOT try to come here with out legal
permission. You will not be able to seek work or take a job, in Canada, with out
having to show your Immigration VISA and Canadian Social Insurance Number card
to any potential employer. Being an American and from the "south " you will be
noticed as soon as you speak out loud . Do it properly, and legally, and you
will be OK. Jim B Toronto. 

How to train my puppy ? I have a 4 months Shih Tzu puppy. Recently I'm having
trouble training him. He is kind of hate walking with leash, every time I put
the leash on, he will try to bite it. And he is not following me when I was
walking. I saw lots of videos about this, but actually it didn't help. Is there
any way can let him know how to walk with leash ? And every time he see some one
he will rush to people and jump on them, doesn't listen to me. He is really
excited about anybody he see. How to prevent this ? Last thing is every time I
sit on a chair or something higher than him, he will try to jump on, if he
can't, he will bark all the time until I let him get on, what should I do with
this ? Anyone have any suggestion? thank you very much. Hi, I am a dog trainer
for 25 yrs. You need to purchase what is called a shoulder point harness. This
type of harness goes around the dogs chest and legs and has a clip for the leash
up on the back of the dog in middle of shoulder blades. This way, he cannot
reach the leash to chew it. When he swivels his head to go for it anyway, tell
him sharp "UH UH" gently correct him with a small tug and continue your walk. Do
this repeatedly and frequently and he will learn to walk on a leash. Patience is
the key here. He is a young pup and will learn over time and consistency in his
training. And always, always train with love and positive methods- never hit or
harshly scold. Never train out of fear. You want your dog to admire you as his
pack leader, not fear you. Good luck with your puppy! All the best. Put him in
dog obedience school or call a professional dog trainer. :) why dont you get
some treats that he loves and only give him them when he does something right.
or, as i saw on embarrassing pets on tv, get a clicker type thing and treats as
well. try to train him to heel, which means to walk round you before he needs to
go on a leash, and he may do that. or you could even spray some scented spray on
the leash and he will go for the scent and probably, if you act quick enough,
will stay on the leash. 

What sort of Hotel could I expect to find in New Delhi/Agra/Varanasi for rs500
per night? Hey guys. I'm looking to visit India with some mates at the beginning
of February next year and I am wandering what standard of accommodation we could
get for Rs 500 per person per night. There would be four of us so we would
probably be looking at 2 twin rooms for Rs1000, close to the centre of these
cities. This would be on a walk-in basis as we want to have the freedom of
finding a place that looks good (Not relying on pictures from the internet) and
is in a spot we like. Thanks in advance for sharing your experience! Sorry,
almost forgot to ask - Would it be cheaper to walk-in to these hotels rather
than pre book? In Delhi I'd recommend Ajay Guesthouse. Travelled to Delhi twice
and stayed there twice. Rooms start from 500 per double. Those ones are quite
small. Must say, in Delhi it's hard to get good price/quality rating. I have
found this hotel in the Lonely Planet guide. It's in an area starting with a P,
many tourist hotels there and the location is very nice. But in general, Delhi
is the hardest place to find a nice clean hotel for that price. In Varanasi I
don't know. I've stayed in a more expensive hotel there, but you can check some
travelguides or tripadvisor? Also, while travelling ask people where they've
been and if they have any hotel recommendations. In Agra I've stayed in a place
fellow travellers recommended, they found it in the Rough Guide. It was nice and
close to the Taj. It was quite easy to find something. (Dont stay in Agra too
long. One night is enough!) There were many hotels there. Ive paid 500 for a
double room there and it was fine and clean. Good luck, enjoy your time! You may
find a normal budget hotel for Rs 1000 per night in the cities you mentioned,
the links below may help you to find good hotels in Delhi and Agra.
http://www.goldentriangleindia.com/delhi/hotels-in-delhi.html To Stay in delhi -
Hotel Aster Inn is best to stay in delhi. it is in karol bagh. some beautiful
locations like close to Karol Bagh Shopping Market, Presidential Palace, and
Birla Mandir Temple and Connaught Place and Jantar Mantar are near to it. TO
Stay in Agra -Hotel Atithi and Aditya Palace is perfect for you. it is centrally
situated. To Stay in Varanasi - Sandeep Hotel is you choice... 

which one out of these makes the best pet? a degu, a rat, a mouse, a hamster or
a guinea pig? and why is the one a better pet? Get a guinea pig. I have a
hamster, and mice and rats like to escape. The Guinea pig is better because its
a lot larger than a hamster, rat, mouse, or degu. So if you lose him, he is
easier to find, because smaller rodents just LOVE to escape from their cages. So
my opinion is Guinea pigs. (plus they dont stink that bad) Depends on what you
want in a pet, to be honest. Also depends on the space you have, how much time
you can handle the pet, how much money you can spend, etc. I've had experience
with all of those pets except Degus. My favorite would have to be the rat.
They're incredibly social, highly trainable, and very clean. Mine learned to "go
to the bathroom" only in their cages and loved to ride on my shoulder or hang
out in my hoodie pouch. The only downside is they should be kept in pairs or
trios and require a pretty large habitat. That means expense, space, and they
require weekly cage cleaning. My second favorite would have to be the Guinea Pig
- not quite as social with people as rats (at least mine wasn't) but more so
than most hamsters or mice. Again, pairs or trios and pretty big living space.
They, too, need weekly cage cleaning and can cost quite a bit. I could handle my
mice, but they where skittish and preferred their cage. I've never met a hamster
that didn't bite me. Never had/handled a Degu. Get a guinea pig. We have two.
They are social and like to be handled. You have to have two because they don't
do well alone. Make certain you get two females. Two males can fight and you
definitely don't want babies!! Guinea pigs (also called cavies) are gentle
creatures and are awake during the day and sleep at night. They will whistle
when they hear you as an encouragement for you to give them a treat like leaf
lettuce. They love leaf or romaine lettuce and tomatos, celery, cucumbers,
carrots. Don't feed them broccoli, cauliflower, garlic, onions, head lettuce
....they are all too difficult for them to digest. Also they can't eat potatos,
they are toxic for them. If you keep the cage clean they don't smell and you can
buy spray on cleaser for them, just massage it into their coat and groom them. 

Fostering 6 week old kittens and HATING IT! Need Advice!? I wanted to volunteer
and help animals, and decided to try fostering kittens. This is my first
experience and I have two six week old kittens right now and am at my wits end.
I do not want to have to bring them back before they are eight weeks old but
they are ruining my apartment. They track poop everywhere (most disgustingly my
bed....), and am constantly trying to climb up everything, including my bare
legs! My legs and hands are just full of scratches. I realize they are young and
that cats do climb, but this is just ridiculous. My apartment also smells
repulsive even though I am cleaning out their litter box at least once a day if
not twice. Any suggestions and helpful hints to make this a more positive
experience would be extremely appreciated. That's kind of the way it goes..lol.
Limit them to one room with easy to clean flooring. If you have limited options,
try the bathroom. Make sure there are plenty of litter boxes that are cleaned
often. Depending on the batch of kittens, I will often have as many as one per
kitten. They can produce a lot of waste and even scooping twice a day they can
get messy. For some reason it takes them awhile to learn not to step in poop.
Also if they have diarrhea, check in with your foster coordinator. They made
need medication or deworming or something. They are testing out their claws and
teeth. To some degree you can/should help teach them not to use their teeth and
claws inappropriately. But in the meantime, highly recommend jeans and long
sleeves anytime you'll be interacting with the kittens. Then take care of
yourself. Get plenty of sleep and make sure you take time out to do some things
you enjoy. Try visiting the kittens a few times a day for short periods of time.
Try to go in there with the right frame of mind and enjoy them for what they
are. If you still don't enjoy the kittens, see what other opportunities are
available. They may need foster homes for adult cats in different situations..
sick, recovering from surgery, need a little socialization, etc. I find the
adults are much easier. Generally they're not clawing and biting, they don't
make nearly as much mess, they don't need nearly as much litterbox scooping, etc
:) Decide volunteering is not your thing and give them back! And do more
research before you agree next time ;-) Take the kittens back to the shelter.
Maybe do volunteer work at the humane society, walk dogs, groom the animals etc.

what r the requirements to apply for a delay birth certificate in canada? what r
the evidentary requirements to apply for a delay birth certificate in canada?
including fees and forms It depends on if you ever registered the birth. Some
places do the registration right at the hospital....in some smaller places, you
need to register your child's birth at the town hall/registrar's office. My
first three children were born in Southern Ontario cities. The birth
registration was done right in hospital. My last son, was born in Northern
Ontario....I didn't know that I didn't register him in the ridiculous amount of
paperwork I had filled out in the hospital and was supposed to go to city hall
within 90 days. Two years later when I got around to filling for his birth
certificate, I find out he was never registered. I had to call the Office of the
Registrar General in Thunder Bay, have copies of the delayed registration form
mailed out to me, as they don't have an online area for it yet, fill those out,
send them away, then apply for his birth certificate. If you are just applying
for a birth certificate for the first time, its simple to do it over the
computer. For $56 you can even have it expedited and will get in three business
days or your money back. This is in Ontario of course, the rates may be slightly
different for other provinces/territories. You just need basic information, and
answer a few questions like what hospital was the child born at/who was the
doctor.... None, just walk in to the service office and present all the
identification you have to prove your identity. they may then chose to ask you
to bring more evidence, or just look up the record and hand you the certificate.
You can probably do it all on-line. Start here if you were born in Ontario.
http://www.ontario.ca/en/information_bundle/birthcertificates/119274.html If you
were born elsewhere, start here.
http://www.ontario.ca/en/information_bundle/birthcertificates/119275.html Good
luck My parents didn't send for my birth certificate until I was 16 and needed
it for summer employment. It was no problem to get PROVIDED the birth was
registered in the first place. I add that in because there have been some people
who have tried to claim citizenship by sending for their birth certificate when
they were never really born in Canada or to Canadian parents. When a child is
born in Canada the birth is registered before the baby can leave the hospital.
As long as that was done you can send for it at any time. Each provincial
government has a website that lists the process for that Province so depending
upon where you were born you can google it. 

Royal Caribbean or Carnival cruise? ONLY IF YOU HAVE BEEN ON BOARD *BOTH* !! i
want to know which you liked better and WHY? include which one had: -better food
-more fun activities -more teens -AND JUST MORE STUFF YOU LIKED OVERALL please
specify which royal or carnival ship (: Carnival and Royal Caribbean are two
popular cruise lines that have strong followings. Some cruise aficionados refuse
to sail on one or the other. Are there any major differences between them?
Explore which cruise may fit your needs the best. For our comparison we sailed
on two similar ships - the Carnival Liberty and the Royal Caribbean Mariner of
the Seas. Itinerary Both ships go to Caribbean Islands like Jamaica, Grand
Cayman, Cozumel, St. Thomas, the Bahamas and St. Martin / St. Maarten. The
Liberty also visited its private island Half Moon Cay, Puerto Rico, and Grand
Turk. The Mariner of the Seas traveled to its private island Coco Cay and
Labadee (the north coast of Haiti). We loved most of the locations that both of
the ships visited and don't believe that this should be a distinguishing factor
on deciding between the cruise lines. Shows Each night there are a variety of
shows. Usually you have the main show and some type of entertainment before and
perhaps afterward. We felt that the main shows on the Mariner of the Seas were
better. On the Liberty we liked the comedian and juggling act. If you love
seeing the shows, Royal Caribbean was better for the main shows and Carnival was
slightly better for the comedians. Dining Room We enjoyed the atmosphere of both
dining rooms on the Liberty and Mariner of the Seas. We felt that the menu had a
little more variety on the Mariner of the Seas. Friendliness of staff The
Liberty and Mariner of the Seas both get high grades. We did have one waiter
that complained some on one of our trips on the Mariner. We had a slightly
better experience on the Liberty, but feel that both crews did an excellent job
and that this should not be a distinguishing factor on choosing a cruise. Pools
The Mariner of the Seas and Liberty both had salt water pools - which most
cruise ships have. They both had pools for kids and adults. We liked the
Liberty's pools better because one had a slide. If you have kids, this would be
something that they would definitely enjoy. Spa We tried the spa on the Liberty
and loved it. We did not try the spa on the Mariner of the Seas. Usually you
can't go wrong when getting a spa treatment...... Royal Caribbean is better, but
the best cruiseline is Regent Seven Seas. Look on their website rssc.com Royal
Caribbean. Carnival has been called the WalMart of cruise lines... 

What countries are the best to travel to? I really want to travel when I leave
school! Where in the states could I go? Where in Europe? Have you every traveled
before? How long should I go for to each place? (I Have 1 year before collage!)
&Also how much money would I need? So I can start saving now hehe Thanks :) I
mean when I graduate & yes, college, sorry for the typo. Leave High School? Not
the smartest move to take off on a worldly adventure if you've never traveled
before and you don't put where you would be traveling from. In the United
States? Lots of places. There are 50 of them, 48 located from Maine to Florida
and California to Washington State and all in between. There are 2 more located
outside of the main continent with Alaska way to the north and Hawaii in the
Pacific. What do you like to do? Big Cities like New York, Boston, Philadelphia
on the East Coast. Beaches and Disney of Florida or the Mid Atlantic cities of
Atlanta, Savannah, Charleston. The federal sites of Washington, DC. Southern
charm of Nashville, Birmingham, New Orleans or Charlotte. West Coast hot spots
like Seattle, Portland, San Francisco, Los Angeles or San Diego. Europe? Just as
numerous as the possibilities of the US. Do you speak a foreign language? I
could spend a year in Spain alone. From Madrid to Seville to Barcelona an
Valencia. Bilboa on the north coast, Pamplona and the very famous Guernica. A
road trip to Lisbon and the Algarve in Portugal before a mountain escape in the
Pyrenees and a stop in Andorra before heading over to France and Italy and
Austria and Switzerland. I've traveled to all of these places and could
certainly tailor a trip to your needs based on budget, actual time allowed, your
likes and dislikes. Amount of time could be dependent on so many things. Do you
want to see all the sites or simply a few photos and on your way to the next
place. Does your budget limit you to how long you can stay in each place? You
need a lot of money for hotels, airfare, seeing the sites, food, local transport
- you name it but life costs. Once you have a budget or an amount in the bank
then you'll be able to figure out where you can go, for how long you can go and
what you can do when you're there. 1 year before collage or college? Good luck.
I recommend buying a single unlimited Europass and travelling anywhere in the EU
your heart desires. You can't beat the price for what you get. come to Africa.
Nigeria, a lovely country. But where in nigeria? Obudu cattle ranch. More than a
tourist centre. 

How do you make your cat adjust to a new house? Me and my family are moving into
a new house just outside a small town. We are currently living a mile from the
town in a house surrounded by fields but the new house is beside a busy road. We
have had the cat for 10 years and dont want to leave it. How could we make it
settle in a new house. you are not just moving house - your cat is losing his
territory. territory is very important to cats, and they are very nervous when
they go into a new place - a new house could be full of predators, or unknown
menaces - well at least he thinks so. you will need to give him only a small
place to explore, so he can make it his territory, and feel safe there. then, he
can have a place to retreat to when he feels scared. you will need to get his
box and bowls, and whatever blanket and toys are his, and smell like home, and
put him in a room. the room you sleep in is best (seeing you so relaxed that you
are sleeping will send the message that everything is OK), but others will work
just as well. close the door, and keep him in there for a week. he will feel
much safer in that one room, than in a huge unknown house. he will explore the
room, mark everything with his cheek, and try to make it feel like his
territory. he will reassure himself that no other animal is in there, and that
no other animal will come in - he is afraid that he is in someone else's
territory when he is in a new house. in a week's time, he will have made it his,
and will be getting more bored than afraid. let him out for half an hour, to
explore. then put him back in. he will be freaked out, so going back to his
territory will make him much happier. extend the time he is out each day, but
for the first month, always put him in his room at night, so he feels safe to
sleep. soon he will make the whole house his, but he needs that one safe place
to start from. remember to visit with him while he is in the room, and tell him
how good he is. remember to give him the time he needs to feel that the room is
his - rush it, and he will be afraid of the whole house for a long time. he
might even start peeing on things in fear. good luck with your new house and
with his new territory! Let her explore when we moved my cat had to explore the
entire house before she felt comfortable. In time though she/he will adjust. :)
they just do it on their own. 

I just adopted a 2 year old male German Shepherd with Major bad behaviors? Last
night, I adopted a 2 year old Male German Shepherd. (He is 92 pounds) He does
not listen to any commands, but my major problem is that he will not go outside
on command, or even with me. I will walk outside and he will stand at the door
and stare at me or run away. My other MAJOR problem is that he will not get in
his crate. I will get a treat and try to get him in there that way, it wont
work. He wont even get close to the crate. If I come towards him, he will run
away. How do I train him to feel comfortable in his crate? and to willingly go
outside...and to come on command. He wont do anything on command. Its very
frustrating. I have a 9 month old German Shepherd that I raised from a puppy. I
trained her myself. She is crate trained, potty trained, and can sit, lay down,
stay, come, fetch, and will even stay in a down position while I throw a treat
across the floor or even right next to her paw, and she wont get it until I give
her the command. Yes, lots of time and lots of patients...I just dont know how
to do it with a grown dog. She tosses me around like its nothing!...but
basically, what I do is the same thing I did with my puppy...lots of patience,
lots of time, lots of praise, lots of treats, and lots of repition....Right? Is
there any tricks I could use? Maybe get a book on training. You have to be in
command at all times. There are ways to get your new dog used to the crate or
going out. I would start with a leash. Put the leash on the dog and just walk
around the crate a few times. Then take the leash off and do nothing else but
that. Later do it again. When the dog is ok with this, then open the door and
walk around the crate, leave the door open all the time. Put something fun
inside. Let your dog go in when he wants to for no reason. Do not shut the door.
Let him walk in and out for a few days. At some point he will feel ok with this
and you can then close the door but not for long at all. Open the door and let
him out and see how he acts. If you push it, it will never work. With going
outside, put the leash on and just take him for a walk. He will learn to really
like this. Potty outside will come at some point. Try obedience classes. Have
patience with him, you just got him and who knows how he was treated before you
brought him home. 

where can I find the best tours to the Mekong Delta at reasonable prices? will
only be in Ho chi Minh for 4 days and I am looking for a 1 day or 2 day trip to
Mekong delta. I have been researching on line and find things are quite pricey
but the tours look great. Should I just settle and book on line? or is it better
if I wait till I get there? If I wait, would the tours I find there for less
money be the same quality type tours? Also, any tour recommendations would be
very helpful a well. Thank you! If you want reliable and inexpensive... try Sinh
Cafe/Tourist. The are located right at 248 De Than St. in the heart of the back
packer district. I have taken this tour and it was great. I did an overnight in
a home stay that was sweet and the water market was wonderful. I don't remember
the exact cost but remember thinking how inexpensive it was. Also, Sinh Cafe has
been around for a long time and is very reputable. And no, I do not work for
them. :) I am just a satisfied customer. And don't expect to party on this tour.
The south is not like the regular tourist towns. Very few clubs and night
activities. Oh, if you are confused. Sinh Cafe is not a Cafe. It is a tour
agency and they have their own buses etc. tele#84838389593 have fun. There isn't
much to see in the delta, it's a lifestyle not a resort area. If you're
adventurous you can take a bus or water taxi to My Tho (near where we live) or
Can Tho. From either of those cities, you can venture out and spend a day in the
country. Most of the tourists that I've come across buy tours along the My Tho
waterfront. You take a boat across the river, then spend a day biking, eating at
a local restaurant, buying souvenirs and doing other things that are geared
towards tourists. The countryside is very beautiful, especially if you have a
few months (or years) to get to know the place. PS, If you make it to Thanh Pho
Ben Tre, stay a night at my friend Ken's hotel. It's called Kiwi Heaven and it's
across the river from Cho Ben Tre. It's a little hard to get to by foot, they're
rebuilding the bridge, but you can get someone to moto-taxi you there for a
dollar or less. He's an ex-pat from New Zealand and he's been in town for
awhile. He'll set up a real tour of the area for you, not some tourist fantasy.
Have a good trip where-ever you end up. We went with Intrepid as a part of their
North to South Vietnam Trip, but they do offer this one day separately. We had a
great time and visited a location where they made coconut candies, visited a
local restaurant which was attached to a fish farm, rode in modified quad bikes
and had some tropical food at what appeared to be a local hangout. Intrepid is
good at getting you away from the most touristy spots and showing you something
a little different. 

yoga and horses.....? I got a riding lesson today on one of my boss's fino
horses and it made me realize just how unsteady my left leg is. I mentioned it
to my boss and she said to start doing yoga. But there are just so many poses
and programs! Any good poses or programs (I'm willing to buy a dvd as long as it
is under $20) to help specifically with leg stabilization? I just have a few
issues supporting my back and my left leg flops. Because I don't feel like
spending over $20 on a freakin DVD I also have back problems that transfer into
my legs. I have done Yoga for riders for a while, a 20 minute routine I found on
YouTube (I think its called "Yoga for horse back riding" hosted by a man) It
helped with noticing slight differences in my balance and weight distribution
but not really for the way I use my legs and back. Here is what I do now and it
really helps.... When I first get on I take 1 leg and pull it back up to touch
my butt with my heel and hold it there for 1 lap at a walk around a large
dressage arena. Then the same thing with the other leg. Then 1 lap at a walk
around the arena with both my legs pulled out as far as I can, so they are not
touching the saddle. Then a lap doing scissors, one leg forward as far as I can
and the other back, then switch legs. I'll also trot doing, down 2 beats, up one
for a wile, then up 2 down 1 making sure the weight is going into the balls of
my feet. If the weight is going into your heels (it throws your leg forward) put
the stirrups up against the heel of your boot. Do a nice working trot, not a
slow trot. All this will help you use both legs evenly, keep proper contact and
use your wight correctly, to keep your leg in a good position. BTW you dont want
your leg locked in place, it will move WITH the horse a bit. When I first
started doing it I'd do it every day. Now I just do it once or twice a week or
as needed. Now not only is my leg better, but my back is relaxing. what are you
having problems with? i wouldn't bother with yoga i'd practice more with riding
and fixing my problem, ride bareback, with no irons, theres also a way to ride
on your knees? that help alot with your thigh muscles (bareback though) ya i
really wouldn't bother with the yoga maybe a back brase will help, sometimes my
back really gets to me and i've thought about getting one. with your leg
flopping, just try putting all your weight in your heel and hangon with only
your legs, holding my leg back helps me with flopping the more it's forward the
more it flops :/ work your calf muscles, maybe try standing on the edge of your
steps (on the ball of your foot) and balance to strengthen those muscles You
don't want to spend more than $20 and yet you have an expensive hobby like
riding horses? I really can't help you. 

What to feed my dog after gastroenteritis? My dog has been sick for about 3 days
now. He has been having diarheya everywhere and he began to vomit lastnight. I
thought it would pass until he started to vomit blood and wouldnt drink any
water. I took him to the Animal Hospital and they ran blood work and everything
came back normal. No pancreatitis or anything abnormal. The vet said it was
gastroenteritis and gave him fluids under his skin , an injection of nausea
medication along with some take home antibiotics. So my question is.. Is it
normal for dogs to throw up blood while having gastroenteritis? and will these
antibiotics help? I have tryed to give him water but he wont take it.. what
should i do? i dont want him to get dehydrated and also should i try to give him
a little bit of food?... Some help would be great. thank you :) They didnt take
x-rays they offered them but i just couldnt afford anymore treatment. I feel
like shit for saying that but after what they have done already i wont be buying
grocerys for the next few weeks. I will give them and call and see what they
say. Thank you for the help. Ok so i spoke to the vet and he said the give him
white rice and boiled chicken but only a little at a time. Seince he recieved
the fluids lastnight he said not to worry about drinking water for at least a
couple of days. I went home at lunch to check on him and he is doing 1000etter
he was actually walkin around and wagin his tail :) thanks everbody for the info
its greatly appreciated. To answer your questions in order: 1) It is not normal
for dogs to be vomiting, much less to have blood in it. However, if they have
been vomiting numerous times, then the blood could be due to irritation of the
stomach and intestines. He could also have Parvovirus, a GI foreign body, or any
number of things. Did your vet take radiographs (x-rays)? 2) Your vet would not
prescribe them if they didn't think it would be helpful. 3) If he shows no
interest in water, then take him back to your vet. It could be due to nausea or
any number of things. He could become severly dehydrated (especially if he
continues to vomit and have diarrhea). From there you end up with electrolyte
imbalances, which can lead to heart and kidney problems. And being dehydrated,
vomiting, and having diarrhea just doesn't feel good. 4) Call your vet. They
should have discussed a bland diet with you, including the frequency of feeding
and how much to feed at each sitting. It sounds like your dog may benefit from
being hospitalized, and put on IV fluids to help his hydration, administer the
antibiotics IV, and to ensure that he starts to recover. You should ABSOLUTELY
call your veterinarian back immediately to clarify anything you have questions
about. They have seen your pet, and are most aware of his condition. No one
online will be able to assist you more than your vet can. You need to ask your
vet these questions. Boiled WHITE rice and boiled chicken breast. Bland food. NO
SPICES! My vet told me when a dog is vomiting a lot, it could be a sign of
obstruction. Did they do any x-rays? I don't know if vomiting blood is common
with this ailment. You should call your vet now and ask them what is normal or
not. 

French dating etiquette? I would really love to hear what the French or those
who had dated the French to say something about this. I'm in my 20's and
currently studying in France. Coming from an anglo-saxon country my version of
dating is 'getting the number, asking her out, etc..' However, I've read on the
internet that the French dating etiquette is totally different. For them, dating
would normally be meeting in groups or parties, then pairing off. In addition,
from my understanding one-on-one dates is something that comes much later and
not 'straight-away' like us anglo-saxons. They are also very secretive about
being in a relationship. They only 'go out in the open' once they have reached a
certain level of seriousness. Is it true? I have told a French girl I liked her,
and she accepted. She is friendly when we see each other on campus. She is also
nicer when we are both alone. However, when we are at parties or when they are
people around she seems to ignore me. She also seems to hate it whenever I ask
her out on a date, to the point she said stop! My mind thinks she has no
interest in me and just stringing me along. But the articles I read seemed to
say the contrary. Have I just fallen victim in a cultural trap? What you have
read in the internet is fairly accurate but of course it does not fit all
scenarios. You are not French for a start, so the "rules" or "customs" may not
apply to you when it comes to entering into a relationship between people from
different backgrounds. From what you say the messages given by this girl are
quite clear. She is not stringing you along since she is actually discouraging
you and is honest enough to tell you to stop asking her out . She is just being
friendly in public because she does not want to offend you and she treats you
like any other friend. You said you liked her and she accepted it as a truth and
perhaps as a compliment, but it does not mean she fancies you or wants to pair
off with you. At parties she does not want to be considered in any way attached
to you, which is consistent. Take the messages for what they are: she has no
objection in you being pals at uni, but she does not want to take matters
further. "Non!" means "non", not "I might consider it, and I will keep you
attached to my apron strings just in case." Christiane gave you a good answer.
You have fallen in a cultural misunderstanding. What I have to add is that it is
normal in France to have mixed gender groups of friends, there's nothing unusual
in boys and girls being only friends, which is obviously what this girl wants
from you. She probably finds your company pleasing as a friend but you are not
her choice a a boyfriend and she is trying to keep it on a friendship level, and
trying to make you understand that she doesn't want to go further. If she is
nicer when you are alone I'd say it is because in public view she is making sure
that people do not think that you might be her boyfriend. You do find the 'get
the number hop in bed with her' but be aware that they usually have a reputation
as sluts. Unfair for the girl as boys don't have that kind of handicap, but
that's the way our own rules work. Should have done research before you left.
Why not just take your chances and do it your way? 

True or false: being a young New Zealander means having no future? There are no
jobs in this country. I'm just trying to make up my mind whether I should move
to Australia or seek work in the sex industry. Is there a future for our
nation's youth? @Ryan B, I'm two years into an undergraduate degree. Everybody I
know at university intends to stay at uni for as long as possible until there
are actually jobs available. Everybody seems to flee this country and move
overseas, to Australia, etc. There's obviously a reason for that (lack of
employment, low incomes, etc.) Your answer doesn't do anything but remind me
that I'm going to be $25,000 in debt by the time I'm 22. So, thanks. @W.a.b.b.y,
I really like you're answer. it's very logical. I've also considered becoming a
teacher, but it's not a job I'm cut out for. I also wish I'd applied for a
scholarship. I didn't think I'd be awarded one, but I received the Dux
Litterarum award at high school, so my chances were probably better than I
thought they were. Obviously I'm still completely stupid though. I mean, I
wasn't smart enough to apply for a scholarship. And yes, I am being
melodramatic. Lol. @Hatmanone, *gasps* So I wouldn't make a good prostitute? Are
you saying I'm bad in bed? How would you know? Joking. Your answer is very
sweet, but I'm not compassionate towards teenage high school students. A little
mellow dramatic? In my opinion, far too many people are at university studying
worthless degrees. Yes things like philosophy and fashion design are
interesting, but how many jobs are out there for someone with these
qualifications? I'm studying to be a teacher, so I know that there will
definitely be jobs out there when I'm done. I may have to live somewhere rural
or in Auckland, but at least I can be pretty sure I'll be employable. I've also
got a bachelors degree so I can go back and do further study or take a different
profession. I also know that you don't get paid that much more in Australia than
you do here. And it's not all about how much you earn, cost of living is much
higher in many cities in Australia. Try living in Sydney on a teacher's salary,
then compare it to somewhere like Central Otago. You also have to put up with
all the annoying accents in Australia. It's probably not a wise idea to keep
studying and having a massive student loan. At the moment there's no interest,
but that'll probably change. And they'll probably add interest to what you've
already racked up. And they're working towards being able to extradite people
who have left the country to avoid paying it back. At the moment if you move
overseas you can only come back to New Zealand for a short amount of time before
they'll force you cough up. And all that time you're overseas you'll be racking
up interest. I wouldn't like not having the option to return to NZ. I guess I'm
extremely fortunate that I received a scholarship which paid about 800f my
course fees through my degree. But I worked hard and I'm still working hard.
There are far too many lazy people out there who think that they can sit around
a job will fall in their lap. My 2c. .... Get an education! I'm doing fine.
Whilst youth jobs are thin on the ground, don't assume it's better in Oz. People
have been fleeing this country at roughly a plane load per week for the past 20+
years, so it's not anything new. It depends on what you hunger for. 700f jobs
aren't advertised. That means making yourself known; that means networking. 

why does my baby king snake refuse to eat? i have a baby eastern king snake. i
have tried EVERYTHING i can to get him to eat but he refuses. he has a great
environment, with water and lots of hiding places and a heat lamp. as far as i
know, everything is as good as it can be where his aquarium is concerned.
according to the vet, he is healthy and looks good. he has been going to the
bathroom like he should. (i know that snakes that have problems going to the
bathroom won't eat.) he has been drinking water (i am pretty sure he has been
drinking it out of his bowl, but also i have been feeding him water and he
doesn't ever give me a problem with that - i just stick his head near the water
and he sucks it down.) i handle him every few days. he is feisty, as most king
snakes are, but he is a very nice little guy - he never tries to bite or
anything. i just love him to death. i don't know why he won't eat though! i have
tried feeding him 5 or 6 live pinkies and 4 or 5 frozen (thawed) pinkies. i have
never tried feeding him a pinky that was bigger around than he is. i have tried
putting him in a small container and putting him in a dark place for an hour or
so and he won't touch the pinky. he crawls on top of them but does not try to
eat them. he doesn't seem to know that they are food. i have tried "braining"
both live and dead pinkies, and bloodying them up to get his attention, but he
doesn't care. i have tried dipping both live and thawed pinkies in tuna juice,
and in used gerbil bedding. i have bought some long reptile feeding tweezers and
have tried holding the pinky in front of the snake's face. he wont even try to
bite. i am very discouraged and sad and i don't know what to do. he hasn't eaten
in an entire month. i've only tried to feed him one at a time. he's just a tiny
baby, about the width of a pencil. do babies this small hibernate? When you feed
him how many pinkies do you feed him? If you feed him too many he could just not
be hungry. If he doesn't seem interested in them at all I would say he's just
not hungry. My boyfriend has one and when she's hungry she attacks the pinkie
right away. They can smell it so i'm sure he knows what it is and just don't
want it. Remember snakes can go awhile without eating. In the winter, they will
usually go deep underground and enter a hibernation-like state called brumation,
which is characterized by a slowed metabolism and reduced activity. King snakes
sometimes stop eating, particularly during the cooler part of the year. They
have a natural instinct to hibernate. If the snake is not pregnant or shedding,
and its enclosure is properly equipped, a loss of appetite probably signals a
beginning of hibernation. Hibernation is natural, and a necessity for snakes
that are going to be bred. Another thing that can cause a king snake to stop
eating is shedding. You can tell when your king snake is about to shed, because
its eyes will get milky looking. Its body will be dull looking, too. In a few
days the snake will begin to shed its skin. For example, some snakes will
routinely go off their food in both the summer and winter, feeding mainly in
spring and fall. It's natural and so long as you don't see any serious
deterioration in their health is nothing to worry about.You see, some snakes for
no obvious reason will simply go off their food. They're fit and healthy and
their care is suitable. hope this helped. That's why it's good to have a python!
It's twice my size and eats a rabbit once a month. 

are my two cats fighting or playing? how rough is too rough? help!? i have a 1
and a half year old male neutered cat and a new 2 month old spayed female
kitten. the first night i brought her home i did the sniffing under the door
thing and left it at that. the next day i let her out of the bedroom so they
could check each other out, and the kitten hissed twice within the first 20
minutes of meeting each other and now she no longer hisses and they have been
playing(chasing each other up and down the hall, rolling around on the ground
and pawing at each other). only once it looked like my male cat was biting at
her neck and then her stomach and she was meowing fairly loud and hissed once
then he backed off and now they are fine. were they roughhouse playing? or were
they actually fighting? he has been "biting" at her neck and stomach previously
while they play without her meowing or anything so im wondering if he went a
little to far that one time. any answers help!!!!!! you did not leave the new
kitten in the room long enough. you need to do that for a least a week, or else
this type of territorial fighting will happen. giving the new kitten her own
small territory will help her to feel safe and will give her a place to go to
when scared. right now, your male is fighting off an intruder, and he feels that
all of the house is his. put her back in the room, and keep the door closed for
a week. then let her out for ten minutes. make it fifteen the next day, then
twenty, and so on. this will do two things; the new kitten will rub her cheek on
the furniture in her room, making it her territory. she will start to calm down
and feel safe - you can bet she doesn't now. she knows she is invading someone
else's territory, but can't help it, and has no where to go. she will be able to
sleep without being afraid. as well, your male will be able to see that his
territory is not threatened. when the door opens, he will get that the one room
is hers, and he will be OK with that. the territory thing will be solved. your
male is hurting her to put her in her place - biting her scruff is dominance and
biting the belly is a move cats use when hunting - to pull the guts out of their
prey. this is not good. give them time to set up their territories, and once you
bring the new kitten out, pay a lot of attention to the male. you have brought
someone else into his territory, and he needs to be reminded that you still love
him, and support his claim to his space. that will help to reassure him, and he
will be less aggressive with her. when they play fight, they don't hiss. if they
hiss, they are not playing. if they bite, and one cries, you must separate them,
and you must keep an eye on them. hissing is OK, unless they start to fight. if
that happens, separate them, and give them time apart. putting the girl in her
territory will make her feel less afraid, and she will relax. good luck! A hiss
is basically a "get the f*ck away" sound. It means they've gone too far. When
they start bleeding that means they're really fighting. If they're going kinda
slow and like fake biting (not biting as hard as they can), and fake scratching
(not hitting as hard as they can with their paws) then they're playing. I have
two cats, and at first they hissed at each other because cats are very
territorial, but now they do fight and play. The difference is when the cat
hisses, that means they are annoyed and they want the other cat to go away. That
means they are fighting. When they are just jumping at each other and their
tails are wagging that means that they are playing. I can see how you get
confused though. :) 

What was the goal for North Vietnam in the Tet offensive? When Johnson deployed
troops in 1964 he was advised by the military it would take a half-million
troops about ten years to pacify South Vietnam. He refused to believe them and
ordered the military to win the war within two to three years (before the next
election in 1968). He did not give them the number of troops they requested.
This left Westmoreland with few options, so he adapted a Search and Destroy
strategy instead of a Clear and Defend strategy which is, in the long run, the
preferred method of pacifying an insurgency. Thing is, it worked. The ARVN was
not having a big problem with the Local VC (the guerilla movement), they were
being challenged by the Main Force VC (which was light infantry) and the North
Vietnamese Army (NVA). When the Americans swept in with their Search and Destroy
operations the Communists quickly leaned they could not stand up to the US
firepower, and these regular troops were forced to flee the country and take
sanctuary across the borders in Laos and Cambodia. All those sunny reports about
the progress in Vietnam were correct, the Communists WERE being defeated.
However, Johnson would not let the military cross the borders and clean out the
Communist bases. He was warned that they were building up a huge Army and would
eventually launch an attack, but he ignored his military advisers. The
Communists agreed. They could not defeat the Americans. However, what they hoped
to do during the Tet Offensive was to sneak past the Americans and attack the
ARVN in the urban areas where they were deployed doing successful Clear and
Defend operations. The Communists thought they could defeat the ARVN, cause the
fall of the South Vietnamese government, and the people would than rally to the
Communist cause and leave the Americans stranded in a sea of angry peasants.
THAT WAS THE PLAN. What happened? The Americans detected the attempt to
infiltrate the urban areas and were already redeploying troops from the rural
areas. The ARVN rushed back from holiday leave and counterattacked. Within 24
hours every Communist assault had been defeated except in the ancient capital of
Hue. The government did NOT fall. And the South Vietnamese people? When give the
ultimate choice, they rallied…TO THE SOUTH VIETNAMESE GOVERNMENT…. Tet was a
huge military and political disaster for the Communists. They were chased back
into Laos and Cambodia with the ARVN in hot pursuit. The people rejected their
attempt to topple the government, and for all intents and purposes the US
military (and the ARVN) handed Johnson the victory he had ordered them to
achieve within the time-frame he ordered it. All he had to do for a complete
victory was allow the military to go into Laos and Cambodia and finish off the
shattered Communist forces. But Johnson was so obtuse he didn’t understand he
had a victory when it was handed to him on a silver platter. Instead he pulled
the military off, stopped the bombing of North Vietnam, withdrew from the
presidential race, and spent the rest of his term in office trying to surrender
to North Vietnam. They screwed up by not accepting his surrender when he offered
it. The American people were NOT having any of it, and elected Richard Nixon to
fix the mess LBJ had made (not to surrender like the antiwar movement was
demanding). In the end Nixon kept his promise for “…peace with honor….” But
that’s another question. To emancipate the south, but it was a serious failure.
To make the war unpalatable to the American public. In that, they pretty much
succeeded. Before Tet, the war was unpopular but tolerable to the majority of
Americans in that the loss of American lives was seen as the cost of subduing
the VC and NVA. Tet made it clear that the war was a long way from being over if
the Americans thought they could preserve the South and that the North was
perfectly willing to suffer great losses to continue their fight. There is a
very good book on the subject that was written by General Vo Nguyen Giap. Try
google to find the title if you would like to read it. 

Bearded dragon question...? I just bought a baby one yesterday. I have a basking
spot lamp that says it is a double reflector that focuses 35% more light/heat
and provides beneficial UVA rays important to the psycholical well-being of him.
My question is does that mean it gives him not only the heat, but the "sun rays"
he needs? I also was wondering how long should this light be on. The lady at pet
smart said 4 hours, but on places on the net it says 10 to 12 hours. He's
getting used to his new home, but hasn't eatin yet. I have bearded dragon
juvenile food and freeze- dried crickets. Any advice would be greatly
appreciated. Thank you for your time. Let me try to break this down as simply as
I can: diurnal (active during the day time) reptiles like the bearded dragon
require 3 types of "light," UVA, UVB, and heat. Any white light emitting light
source will emit UVA, including heat bulbs, that's the easy one to provide for.
UVB on the other hand can only be reproduced by a fluorescent source. UVB will
always be a separate bulb from the heat lamp, unless you use a MVB (mercury
vapor bulb) which is the only reptile use bulb that will emit both UVB and heat
from one bulb. I highly recommend that you do not use coiled/compact UVB bulbs
as they are known to cause severe eye damage and/or blindness in reptiles not to
mention they have trouble maintaining UVB output over time. The long tube UVB
bulbs are best, like Zoomed's Repsitun model:
http://lllreptile.com/store/catalog/reptile-supplies/uvb-fluorescent-lights-mercury-vapor-bulbs/-/zoo-med-24-repti-sun-100-fluorescent-bulb/
Remember to replace UVB bulbs according to the manufacturers recommendation
after which time the bulb will no longer produce UVB even if visible light still
is. So, to answer your question, no, if you just have a bulb that says it
produces UVA then you do not have "the sun's rays" that your bearded needs. You
need to also provide a source a UVB lighting. The person at Petsmart is very
wrong; in fact it is always a good idea to second guess what most pet store
employees tell you; they don't have the best track record regarding giving
reliable pet care info. UVB and basking temp (should be about 110 F for a baby,
95 F for an adult) should be available for 10 - 12 hours a day. Freeze dried
food is not a good staple food source; you need to offer live feeder insects.
Bearded dragons are sight hunters, they need to see the food move to trigger a
feeding response, especially when they are babies. Live food is also higher in
nutritional value than freeze dried. Crickets, silk worms, phoenix worms, and
various feeder roaches, like red-lobster, turkistan, and dubia, are good example
of staple insects to offer your bearded. Wax worms and meal worms should only be
offered as treat items, for variety's sake. I would highly recommend that you
read through some reliable bearded guides to make sure you have everything set
up correctly: http://herp-info.webs.com/beardeddragon.htm
http://www.beardeddragon.org/articles/caresheet/?page=1 mm it depends on the
size of his tank or cage or whatever you have him in..atleast as far as i'm
concerned. if there are shady areas he can move to (for example a 3x5x4 tank
with light on one side) then you can leave it on a full 12-14 hours, if its a
small tank and he can't escape the light then 4-6 at most at a time though quite
possibly 4-6 hours at a time twice a day. either way you also need to keep an
eye on the temperature if you are using a dry fish tank as UV lights in my
experience up the temperature significantly and without proper ventilation it
can become an oven. as to what the light provides it gives UV rays..which is
important for health in lizards as it is in humans. That lady at PetSmart is a
disgrace to the rest of us PetSmart associates... sheesh. Yes, it gives him the
"sun rays" necessary, that's what UVA is. And it should be on 10-12 hours, just
like the sun would be up for 10-12 hours in his natural environment. As for the
heat, just be sure to use a thermometer. Also, Beardies often do not eat food
that is not moving, so its anyone's guess whether or not he'll touch the
freeze-dried crickets or the processed food. I tell all my customers they can
try it, but don't count on it. Also try green leafy veggies, like kale and
spinach. Best of luck! 

Is a finch or a parakeet better? I am making a christmas list for my parents and
i was going to ask for a bird and these are the affordable ones that i like, and
i was wondering : which would not bite alot, and which are more fun to have as
pets AND I NEED TO KNOW WHICH WOULD BE QUIETEST i honestly dont care but my
family does ! Please help me! oh and please say y one is better thx!!!!!! Hi
there, Please choose the parakeet...Heres my reason..... I did the same thing
that you did for christmas. I ended up getting a pair of zebra finches for
christmas. At first it was all cool and all. They were chirping and doing their
every day business. After a couple of weeks I got tired of them. They are quite
messy and you cannot hold or pet them. Ive tried to tame them and they just
would not get tamed. They dont want to be held or touched. I want a bird that I
can hold and do tricks. I still have them and they are doing well. A couple of
months after I got parakeets/budgies. They are adorable they have beautiful
colors and personality. I love them. First of all they are very tame. I tamed
them in 4 days. They can do tricks and they arent messy. The whole family loves
them. My parents even plays with them. They are a big part of our family. I hope
this helps you with your decision. They are both about the same noise level.
When choosing a parakeet look for a young one. (the younger the eaiser to tame)
Look for clean smooth feathers, beak, and clean vent feathers (the feathers
around the butt..dirty vent feathers means the bird is not healthy) Look for a
dark eye with no circles (the older ones have a circle ring in their eyes). Look
for a lot of stripes in their head that starts from the beak and goes back to
the back fo the bird. the stripes are like hair the less stipes the older.
(think of a balding man lol) Look for clean feathers. If you want a boy the cere
(the nostrils piece above the beak) must be blue. The girl has either pink or
brown. I would recommend that you get two parakeets. But get either one male and
one female, or two males. Do not get two females. They sometimes dont get along
(you know how some girls are lol hahahaahh but for real though, two girls tend
to fight a lot. I have one yellow girl and a green and yellow boy. They are the
best! If you choose to get a parakeet this is a trick that I used to tame them.
However if you plan on getting one, then get more than one at the same time they
need company. My mom told me how to tame them and I was very happy with the
results. It took me 4 days to get the new one to be able to step on and eat out
of my hand. These are the steps I used. Honestly they have worked for me twice
with my parakeets. Hopefully they will work for you. 1) When you get the bird,
place him or her or them in the cage. Leave them in there with food and water
and such for about 2 hours. 2) Then place you hand in the cage. I took the cage
and place it next to the couch. Then I sat on the couch, placed one hand in the
cage, holding a millet spray. (this way the will associate your hand with food,
and birds love food lol) Then I turned on the tv and watch. This way they will
see that your hand is good and its not going to grab them or hurt them. Do this
for about one hour. (you can take breaks if you have too) and repeat the steps
after about 2 hours. 3) After about day 2, they will start to eating the millet
spray from your hand. (do not take away the food dish from the birds, they will
associate you as the person who takes away their food)....Then take your finger
and place it under their belly, in front of their feet and say up. Push you
finger to their feet gently and say up. ( the first couple of times they will
fly all over the cage but as long as you dont jump back or screem they will get
used to you) They will have no choice but to go on your finger. When they see
that you arnt harming them, the will go up on your finger when you say up. 4) If
they are not going up by now you just gotta keep trying and keep trying. Do not
hit, yell, or harm them. You have patience. Dont give up! After a couple of
weeks mines knows when I say shoulder it means ot go on my sholder, when I say
up it means to jump up on my finger, when I say up and out it means up on my
finger and out of the cage. and when I say go home it means to go in the cage.
Good luck! They worked for me and I hope they worked for you! They are
awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And thats my reason why you should choose a parakeet over
a finch. a parakeet is friendlier Parakeet. They are normally quiet and it is
easy to take care of them. They are also friendly. I have a parakeet named
Cookie . :P 

When is the best time to travel to Ireland? My sister and I would like to go to
Ireland. I graduate in the spring, and so we'd like to go between then and
winter. We don't want too many tourists, and since we'll both be out of school
we can go anytime between the middle of June to early November. We don't want it
to be too cold (not sure when exactly there fall is... or what the weather is
really like there during our autumn months), but we don't feel like we need to
go right in the middle of summer either. We're both in our early 20s and just
wanting to explore the beautiful country while we're still young and before our
lives start to get even crazier! Can anyone give me an idea of when the best
time for us to go to Ireland would be? People do not go to Ireland on holiday
for the weather, it is unpredictable. One thing you can be sure of about Irish
weather is how little you can be sure of. It may be shirtsleeves and sunglasses
in February, but winter woollies in March and even during the summer. And then
there’s the rain. Ireland receives a lot of rain, with certain areas getting a
soaking as many as 270 days of the year. County Kerry is the worst affected. The
southeast is the driest, enjoying a more continental climate. The Irish weather
works on the ‘four seasons in a day’ principle, which basic­ally means that you
can’t predict a thing when it comes to the behaviour of the sky. Some basic
assumptions, however, can be made. In summer, from May to July, the days are
reasonably warm and – most importantly – very long: at the height of summer you
won’t need to turn on lights until after 10pm. It is also peak tourist season,
which means there are far more people just about everywhere but the most remote
corners of the island, and prices are at their highest. Not surprisingly, most
of the yearly festivals occur during these times so as to take advantage of the
crowds and the more favourable weather. Spring (February to April) and Autumn
(August to October) make good alternatives, although the country’s ever-growing
popularity as a tourist destination can often blur the lines between mid- and
high-season tourism. Still, you have a better chance of some peace and quiet,
and the weather can be surprisingly better in April and September than in
mid-July – again, it’s all part of the uncertainty principle. Spring festivities
include the ever-popular St Patrick’s Festival. Although temperatures do not
often venture below freezing, winter (December to February) can be brutal, for
huge parts of the country – the west and northwest in particular. Crowds are at
their thinnest, but many of the country’s tourist attractions and services close
down in October and don’t reopen until Easter, which paradoxically leaves
visitors with a more convincing taste of how Ireland is experienced by most of
the Irish: it’s cold, grey and dark by 5pm, but there’s always a pub to escape
into when the rain starts sheeting down. The thing to do is to bring the right
clothing with you, clothes so you can layer up if it is cold and take off layers
when it warms up. Waterproof clothing and footwear are essential plus an
umbrella.. As that famous Scotsman Billy Connolly says "there is no such thing
as bad weather just the wrong clothes" Afraid I cannot be more helpful, it is
really a case of pot luck, although as the weather is so changeable often a cold
wet morning will turn into a lovely warm sunny afternoon and evening or visa
versa. If you mean the Republic of Ireland (Dublin) then anytime. The summer
there is much more mild than most of the US (are you coming from the US?). Their
seasons are the same as all the countries in the Northern Hemisphere but I would
suggest fall. It does get pretty cold in Ireland so going before winter is your
best bet. September for example. Rent a car and spend a couple days outside of
Dublin seeing the countryside and you will have the trip of a lifetime. To
explore the beautiful countryside you will need to be old enough to hire a car
because public transport is expensive & only goes as far as the main
towns/cities, most rural places don't have a bus or train service. You could
stay in a city & get a bus tour to say the Cliffs of Moher or Dingle peninsula
but you will be with all the other tourists. By definition most tourists will go
to the best places so you might have to put up with a few tourists along the
way. Best weather the past couple of years has been around late April - late May
but it can pour with rain for days on end at any time of the year so be prepared
with waterproof jackets/boots etc. We only had a few sunny days this summer,
barely 24C on a few occasions, more like 14C most days. We used our BBQ on
precisely 4 occasions. Autumn is from mid August onwards as far as the weather
goes if not officially according to the calender. The days start to shorten & it
gets even wetter, windier & colder. We had frosts in October so I wouldn't
advise visiting late in the year to be honest, Spring time is your best bet. You
do realise it is quite expensive to visit Ireland? You are going to need a few
thousand dollars saved up for flights, insurance, food, accommodation & spending
money. Eating out in particular is quite expensive compared to America I
believe. 

Golden Wonder KilliFish Breeding Help? I have 4 Golden Wonder Killifish. 1 of
them is really colorful and is about 6cm long. 2 of them are kinda whitish and
are about 4-5cm long. The last one is colourful too but it is about 4cm long. I
feed them Flakes, and Live Earthworms uncut everyday. Can you tell me the whole
process of breeding them and taking care of the babies? Thanks in Advance. Wow!
If they are able to take earthworms uncut, that is really impressive! I aspire
to your feeding regime, flakes early and something live later in the day.Worms
(and Daphnia) are also rich in Lipids, substances important in forming eggs and
growing young. I think that you understand that your largest and smallest golden
wonders are males. If you would like more on sexing out Aplocheilus lineatus
take a look at the discussion in the first source below. If you have plants in
your tank. your lineatus are already spawning. If conditions are favorable
(78-82 F) and the fish are obviously well fed as yours are, they will spawn.
(I've even had a pair of killies leave eggs on a floating thermometer! If you
wish to pick eggs make a acrylic spawning mop. Checkout the second source. I
prefer darker colors because I can see their eggs ,more easily and the fish look
better next to them. Use a well rinsed medicine vial, a cork, new fishing bobber
or even a piece of non-crumbly styrofoam to float them. There are a couple ways
one could spawn lineatus - mop spawning & water incubating them for two weeks,
picking eggs from a mop & putting them in a tray of treated, seasoned water or
setting up the parents in a planted tank & moving them so the fry can hatch out
there. If you have the room to separate the male(s) & females(s),& feed them
well on live foods, (assuming that you are doing weekly 50% water changes) when
you put them together they will leave a lot more eggs. Just making up examples,
but if a pair is constantly together, they may lay 10-15 eggs a day. With extra
blackworms and maybe frozen (defrosted, rinsed) frozen foods earlier in the day,
they may leave 30-40 eggs at a time. Separated and feed extremely nourishing
stuff, they may produce more. Separating a pair some time before a show (killies
are usually shown & judged & often sold as pairs) will encourage them to court
and show their best colors. They also start the day with no nicks or dings in
their fins. The water changes help with that too. You also may need to treat the
incubation water. The chlorine and ammonia (choramine) are not good for the
eggs. Ironically sometimes it is wise to leave the newly picked eggs in fresh
tap water with some chlorination to kill microscopic critters that ride in with
the eggs. THEN put the eggs in water treated a couple of days before with a
water treatment and left open to "breathe". Leaving a jar with a dozen black
worms in it will sate the adult's desire for snacks and they are more likely to
leave fry or eggs alone. If a pair isn't leaving eggs... check the following: 1.
Is a tank mate (such as another female killie or a Cory or large snails) rating
the eggs? 2. Have we kept up with partial water changes? 3. Is there too much
mineral in the water? Aplo. lineatus are wide-spread over southern India. That
indicates that they thrive in different water chemistries. Still if you can get
your pet shop to do a hardness or TDS (total Dissolved Solids) test, that may
give you a hint.Winging it a little here, a hardness of 100 to nearly 200 PPM
(parts per million) or 5.8 to 10.6 DH should be fine for gardneri. TDS meters
(the thrifty aquarist's hardness meter can be used if one has seen one of your
municipal water department's annual reports. They include a number of minerals
there and you can figure out what percentage of that would be your hardness
minerals (calcium, magnesium and iron). A number of minerals are not of much
consequence. However if there is a high level of sodium chloride (common salt)
that can break down the chorion (shell) around the egg and allow critters to get
in and eat the yoke and embryo.) Ironically sometimes it is wise to newly picked
eggs in fresh tap water with some chlorination to kill microscopic critters that
ride in with the eggs. THEN put the eggs in water treated a couple of days
before with a water treatment and left open to "breathe". If you get eggs in the
mail in a medicine vial, that is fine. But get the eggs out, maybe rinsed in
fresh tap water and then into the incubation water. In time the eggs can
suffocate in the shipping container. After a number of people began complaining
about "mystery deaths"among incubating eggs, some of the more advanced killie
people began suggesting that after 7-8 days of incubation, one should do a 100%
water change - as the eggs develop, they do release waste material. Another
problem is that sometimes bad eggs will fungus and the fungus will spread out
and kill all the eggs. Some people put in a very dilute Acriflaven solution to
slow down the fungus, so one can take white eggs out with a pipette or
eyedropper. Other will add a drop of Methylene blue. If an egg turns blue, it
had died and then became dyed as the outer membrane broke down. Get those out
ASAP too. Hope there is useful grist for the mill here. 

Disney cruise line with young ones? I will be taking my 3 and 4 yr olds. What is
the best time of year? Should I get a balcony? Any tips or advice to make this a
great experience?? Thanks!!! It is vacation time. Many families are set to plan
a best holidaying. They look for fun filled, rejuvenating and memorable
vacation. There can be many ideas; one can see numerous options passing through
their mind. What is the best option? Especially if you are planning to spend
couple days with family and kids, which best suit you can select? Disney
cruises, is a simple answer to this. There are many reasons to say Disney cruise
is the best bet for you to have a enjoyable holiday tour. From 1998 onwards,
from its inception Disney cruise has attracted many and continue to attract more
and more. This is a spectacular ship, a very popular choice of families to spend
their leisure time. The ship is designed thematically, with imposing animated
cartoon characters. Do you feel that the holidaying with the animated cartoons
will impress only young ones? No, the luxurious facilities and fun filled
activities in the Disney cruise are very attractive to people of all ages.
Whatever be the age, you will have the choice of variety of activities to forget
about your hectic day-to-day activities. Kids fun games and video shows are
added to the other facilities. There are two ships, Disney magic and Disney
wonder. Both are made keeping in mind the comforts of the travelers. Disney
cruises offer 24-hour room services, and the crews are ready to serve you the
way you like. It has got very spacious rooms, furnished completely and neatly.
These are decorated uniquely and marvelously. The ship offers variety of
eatables, deliciously made. Sea fishes, prawns and many nice options are there
in different restaurants aboard. There are many good options of delicious food
on the shores as well. There are special regions uniquely and imposingly
designed for the children. They can spend many hours enjoying the Disney world
magic. These theme parks have all types of facilities. Video shows, cartoon
stories, wonderful games and many such facilities. It is really an entertainment
for the kids. The amusing world of cartoons and stories will be a memorable
experience for the children. There are other amnesties also. These include space
for dances and music, bar facility, gambling facilities for the elder,
spaciously made open area aboard and many such nice facilities. Also one can
keep their privacy in the cabins and make the time in seclusion. To relax and to
rejuvenate Disney cruise are the best option. There are many online sites
offering the booking facility with affordable rates. You can select the proper
route and travel plans by consulting the agents prior to the booking........ Off
season is good, however, the Disney cruises are almost ALWAYS completely booked.
I would suggest a warmer season, but not Spring Break or early summer. You may
also want to avoid Thanksgiving week and the Christmas holidays. We REALLY
enjoyed our balcony-- coffee in the mornings, drinks at night, standing outside
when docking and leaving port-- however, it is quite a bit more expensive. With
young ones, I would definitely get a window or view room so they can see
outside. Check out the kids' space as soon as you get onboard. Do NOT feel
guilty about taking them there. They have a BLAST so the sooner they get there,
the sooner they can have fun. We liked getting the late dinner seating, so you
have more time to see movies and stuff but if your kids are 'early to bed' you
may want the earlier seating for dinners. Bring some sort of magnet or small
magnetic whiteboard for your door. All of the doors tend to look alike and
having 'something' on your door helps you and your kids find your room easier.
You can also leave notes for the rest of your family (husband) about where you
are at any given point. Cell phones do NOT work on board but they give you a
'walkie-talkie' kind of phone in your room that WILL work onboard. Each evening
you will get a 'magazine' called The Navigator which lists all of the activities
for the next day. We always took ours to dinner and discussed what things we
felt we 'had' to do and which ones we felt like skipping in lieu of just
chilling. Any time would be great. off season cruises might actually be better
with preschoolers as prices might be lower in the off season. My wife and I, in
our 60's at the time, originally planned a 3 generation trip but some family
emergencies caused everyone else to cancel. We had a ball. We had an inside
cabin and it is what I would recommend. There are so many things to do that you
will only use your room for sleeping and the extra cost of the balcony is
wasted. The children can be checked in and checked out in a safe way at many
activities so you can have a bit of free time without the little ones. The range
of activities can be illustrated by describing the water activities. There is a
splash fountain (no standing water) for little ones still in diapers; Next is a
wading pool for those who are potty trained; Then a family pool; Finally there
is a pool for adults only with kids not allowed. You will never be so spoiled in
your life as you are on a Disney Cruise. If you stay with your dining schedule,
every night is dinner and a show. The real payoff is that you will have the same
waiter for the entire cruise. Our waiter quickly grasped the fact that I like
Ginger ale and rather spicy foods while my wife's taste ran to lemonade and less
spicy fare. Since they knew our preferences, we almost always went along with
their menu suggestions and were never sorry we did. Obviously they had a full
beverage list including alcohol for adults who wanted it. If you should miss a
meal, you also missed a great show. but food is always available and it is
consistently good. I think I gained three pounds in my week long cruise. 

This is about my farrier, girls. That's why I'm posting here! Help? I posted
this in singles and dating too, so I've just copied and pasted. Well, I'll try
to make this short. I have known this guy for a long time, but we've never been
good friends or anything. He is my farrier (shoes my horses feet) so I am
technically a client if you want to view it that way. Well, almost two weeks ago
he came out and did my horses feet and was SO flirty. He always hugs me when he
comes, but he gave me at least 5 tight, long, back rubbing hugs while he was
there. We were also just talking about my horse's crappy feet and he mentioned.
"Well, if you ever just want to see me I'll come out and look him over and then
we can grab a coffee after." That has NEVER happened before so I was kinda
realizing at that point that he was a little interested. Right?? Anyway, so he
ended up leaving one nail out of my horses foot(I've never heard of a farrier
doing this) and telling me to call him in a few days(first it was a week, then
it was a few days lol) and he'd come back out and put it in. He told me to
remember to call like 3 times before he left. So, I waited a week to call
because I was busy and I wanted to have him come out on a day when I am more
available in case we were to hang out after ;) Anyway, so that was 2 days ago
that I called and left a message, but he still hasn't called back yet. I don't
know if I should call him again tomorrow or not? I know a lot of people say to
wait until he calls you, but it's different because I'm a client and technically
that's all I am at this point. On the other hand though, if I'm a client he
should really of called back by now because you don't leave a customer hanging.
He didn't have my number either because this was the first time I've called HIM
instead of his dad. It's a father and son business. Anyway, I would appreciate
ANY insight on this at all. Thank you for reading if you did! :) Ok, well as far
as him being a bad farrier for leaving a nail out - That is not the case, they
are extremely well known farriers in the area. I would be a lot more concerned
if the shoe fell off because it was missing one lousy nail. The reason he said
he didn't put that nail in was because he "didn't want to risk it" with my
horse's horrible feet. This is about the fourth time they've done my horse's
feet because I just switched back to them. The only reason I switched away from
them in the first place is because my good friend who apprenticed with them was
starting out on his own. However, he left my horse without a shoe for TWO
WEEKS(now that's what I call a crap farrier). Which, I might add is the same
foot that keeps crumbling with the nails. So, obviously I switched back to these
guys. Ok, calm down, it's not like he's some stranger that came up and groped me
lol. I've known the guy for about 10 years. I am 21, so yeah we were both kids
when we knew each other! He is a few years older than me. And yes, I do like
him. To answer Barry White, yes that did occur to me :) I hope that is all he's
waiting for. On the other hand, he could very easily just call me and say hey
I'm busy right now, I'll call you when I can come out. And as far as scheduled
visits go, I have no idea. I've never done that before though either. It's
always just "Okay, they're feet need to be done, better call the farrier." And
they usually come out within a few days. He will call you back Im sure! Sounds
like He really likes you.. But you need to ask yourself do you feel the same
way? would You like going for *coffee* with him? or is he Not your type? Or are
you undecided? If i were you I would Go... I would say if he does not call you
back by friday call him again he could be playing hard to get? I think he left
the Nail out of the shoe as a excuse to come back and see you hey he may be your
Prince charming.. Edit... I really dont think Your horse Is in danger Of being
hurt With one Nail missing.. I have seen horses Loose Nails On there Own And do
just fine with ONE nail gone Now if he had left out 2 or 3 I would be wondering
to... I really do belive he left the nail out becuse of the horses Hoof
condition and Its a added bonus he would get to see her again When I was Younger
In my early 20s My farrier was A hottie named Joby..( for those who don't Know I
AM A GIRL read my Bio on my Page) dumb as a post about everything But horses..
He was In his 30s divorced and Had 2 kids.. but we both flirted Horribly with
each other.. but neither one of us took the chance and Asked to other on a date.
:( sorta wonder what it would have been like? But That was Years ago. He had
this Habit of telling you Everything.. Well one day he said to me You know i
don't wear Underwear as he was bent over Working on my Mares Right front hoof..
and I was Like Ummmm okay??? Im glad his butt was facing me so he couldn't see
my red face I think my Mare was even laughing.. Well 6 weeks Later when he came
back out He was again working on my mares front Foot and I looked Down and Yeah
he had Wholes In his pants In the wrong places I bust out Laughing and He was
like what??? I was like Ummmm i can see your ass cheeks...he was like Oops did i
forget my Underwear??? that was a strange way to flirt.. but i guss it was his
way... But like i said nothing ever came of It.. the next time I saw him He had
told Me he had To get married to a girl Who he worked with becuse he knocked Her
Up.. I was heartbroken.. but then realized He was not the Guy for me.. Wow he
does sound interested in you, my farrier never gives me hugs like that (probably
a good thing as he has a wife and 2 kids) anyway, I find that they can be very
busy so I would wait a week lo9nger and if still no reply give him a call but
don’t leave a message so you don’t have to necessarily wait for him to call.
From the point of view of a business, and client/operator relationships, he's
doing a really shitty job. Leaving nails out so you'll call and have him come
back out later? Cute or not, I'd call a different bloke because he's doing a
sub-par job at something he needs to be doing his best at, whether he's flirting
or trying to ask you out or not, he ought to put quality first. This is, after
all, his business, and if he wants you to remain a customer why on earth is he
doing shoddy work? 

EPM, Anyone Dealt with it? Might be something different? I have the opportunity
to pick up a super nice 6 year old for free. He's not lame, but he's been having
issues. Here's what the owner has said: I have a 5 year old that lost all of his
cheek muscle on the right side about 3-4 months ago. I chalked it up to possible
nerve damage, because this is what the vet thought and the other cheek muscle
was fine and he had no theeth problems. So I sent him to the trainers the first
of September to be started on the barrels. I got him back the first of the month
and he had lost some weight but attributed that to be worked everyday (I
expected him to drop some). He is now losing the cheek muscle on the left side
of his face and seems to be dropping weight by the day. Had him to a dentist
yesterday and there is no teeth problems. He can eat all his feed and doesn't
drop any, but cannot eat hay from lack of muscle to chew it. He is gant looking
in his flank area and is losing topline muscle. The only neurological sign that
he shows is that he barely drags his toes and sometimes has trouble with his
right lead. The horse I had posted about a couple weeks ago with the atrophied
cheek muscles is down to his last resort for life. I CANNOT afford to treat
whatever is wrong with him. NO, I have not done an EPM test but have done an
extensive blood panel and my vet did a neurological physical exam. We elected to
not do the EPM test because there was NO neurological signs. He is still showing
no signs other than the weight loss, and some muscle atrophy. He eats all of his
grain but it just takes him a while to get it chewed because of the lack of
muscle in his jaws. So I might get the horse and see what I can do. I will be
getting with my vet first and if I do get him, have the spinal fluid test done
for EPM and a titer test. Will be getting a copy of the blood results the owner
has already ran as well. My other theory would be wobblers. I'll be having my
equine chiro/acupuncturist out to do some work as well if I do get him.... So
any ideas? Think I should do it? Arby, Horse is out of state and not local.
Owner is willing to meet me half way with him. I will be calling my vet and
chiro about him. Worse comes to worse, I'm out of the $$ and have to put him
down anyway or have a pretty pasture ornament. He's still rideable currently and
not having many issues under saddle. This is a horse that I otherwise wouldn't
be able to afford and even if I spend 2K and treatment I come out ahead of his
purchase price. I posted what the owner as said in paragraph 2 & 3, that is not
me to clarify. She is the one that can't afford to do anything else for him in
case he doesn't recover fully. He can eat grain and I already have a feed
regimen in my head for the guy since he can't eat regular hay. I don't think it
will be hard to keep his weight up so long as he can eat the grain. I am not
going to go pick up a horse I can't afford. I am willing to pull the EPM test
and treat. The owner is the one who is unable. I will also be having my other
vet up who's a chiro & acupuncturist to evaluate him for wobblers. July is when
he started to exhibit slight symptoms and the owner and vet originally thought
it was just some nerve damage from something in the pasture with no visible
injury. He's only exhibited weight loss and some muscle atrophy, with the slight
toe drag and a bit of trouble with the right lead (which could or couldn't be
related). The horse is not in pain. He's not starving. He's dropping we The
horse is not in pain. He's not starving. He's dropping weight, but most of that
came from being at the trainers and being ridden hard for 60 days. He's not
putting it back on. I know that I have the possibility of treating him and still
having to put him down. At the same time I do know people who have had horses
come back successfully after EPM. I know this is going to be expensive. I'm
willing to give it a shot. Gallop, I've already read that whole site and been
reading through research articles from the research colleges as well. Looked at
studies, treatment options and such. I will have the EPM test done before
treating. The chiro/acupuncturist will be there to evaluate the horse for
wobblers which is often caused by spinal compression and can be confused with
EPM. If that is the case then acupuncture isn't going to hurt him. It's actually
one of the alternative therapies for EPM I think it is wonderfully responsible
that you are going into this rescue eyes open and are getting the opinions of
qualified professionals (and a bunch of Yahoos) before you decide to take this
horse on. I do think some Y!A users need to work on their reading comprehension
as I can't comprehend how taking a horse in as a rescue and getting it qualified
medical treatment is abuse. Worst case scenario you fall in love and after
spending thousands of dollars you have to put the horse down. Is that something
you are up for? If so go for it and I'll give you all the moral support I can as
you figure out what is up. It is heartbreaking to try to bring a horse back and
then have to put it down, but some horses are worth the risk. If you feel this
guy is worth it then I hope your vet can figure things out. As to EPM like Shee
said being in MI we've had to deal with it. Pretty much every large stable has
here. Our first diagnosed EPM horse was back when there was no treatment in the
US and only an experimental chicken feed additive in Canada. We hauled the horse
to Windsor and got him treated there. That horse returned to racing and we
didn't notice much difference. We've had a few since then, but none since our
race horses began wintering in Florida. I have no idea if that is related or
farmers are doing a better job of clearing out opossums now because they know
opossums are carriers, but we haven't had an EPM horse in at least 10 years. I
can say all of our EPM horses were treated early when they were showing mild
signs like Shee gave and all returned to racing. One horse even got his lifetime
mark after being treated for EPM. We've always liked big long trotters that do
better on mile tracks then 1/2 mile. The only difference we noticed is that the
EPM horses seemed to do worse on the smaller tracks after. It might just be
coincidence or the fact those great big trotters with those extremely long backs
lost a bit of fine coordination to get those gangly bodies around those tighter
turns. I don't know. MSU does a lot of EPM studies because of how common it is
here. You may want to see if you can get in touch with their EPM group and get
this guy in a study. I know they did lab work showing that Strongid C used daily
could help prevent EPM. I believe they have a real study testing the lab work in
real world situations now, but it may be sometime before those results are
released. Another thought with this being a mosquito season from hell could it
be West Nile? West Nile can cause EPM like symptoms and doesn't always include a
fever. Let us know what you decide to do. You hate to see talent get wasted, but
honestly I don't think I could take in a horse right now these issues.
Personally I think you should just keep on walking by. You should have you chiro
out before you decide if you want this horse or not. If you have a good repoire
(which I'm sure you do) with them, they should be honest on if this horse is
fixable to any degree... not really sure what you want to do with him... Even if
you can figure out what is wrong with this poor poneh, there is always the
chance for remission and then relapse so you may have to do deal with again in
the future. So all in all, put the money up front before taking on this horse. A
few hundred out of pocket now will possibly save you thousands once the horse is
in your name. Could he have had a blow to the head causing this atrophy? Or a
difficult birth? Was it always like this? Or has it occurred since birth. I also
wonder if he might have had a slight stroke? I think if you cannot afford to get
him treated that you should not consider him as a prospect. Who knows what the
future might hold, and it might be expensive? 

Extremely bad customer service Do not go to this salon, especially if you have
to get your hair straightened. They did a very bad job with my hair and were
extremely rude when I went back to ask them why it didn't work for my hair.
Rude, insensitive, discourteous people!!!!! 

Great Doc Dr Greenwalt fixed my neck from a snowboard injury and was way more
effective that a regular doctor. He didnt prescribe pain meds or other drugs, he
used his bodytalk method which is unusual but the results are undeniable. My
neck is fixed!. He knows what hes doing. 

Our Wedding 11/7/08 We just had our wedding on 11/7/08 and was very impressed.
Cj and company did all that we ask and 10 times more. The food was out standing.
If you need a cater that is affordable and easy to work with they are the ones.
Thanks again Saucey's. Mark 

Excellent Tattoo Shop I recently got a tattoo done at Aztec and I could not be
happier. It came out better than I even imagined. The shop was great, the
service was excellent and the employees were fun guys. I would highly recommend
this shop to anyone looking to get a quality tattoo done. 

Good and Bad I had to take care of the ants myself. But I found the location
wonderful and the neighbors very kind. Never had a problem with the staff and
found them very helpful when something went wrong. Loved the pool and BBQ.
Because of the ants I dropped them to a 3 star. 

Great pet care I have used Just Like Family several times now and they have
provided great care for my two dogs. Lynda is professional and has great
compassion for animals. The real testament is not in how much she likes your
animals but how much they like her. I highly recommend her. 

I found Bright Star Tours and Travels and Best and Affordable Tour Operators and
Tours Agents in Chennai, India offered me Student Tour India Package for very
less price. I enjoyed my tour and i am looking for adventure tour and India
heritage tours for valuable. Thanks for Bright Star Tours. 

these guys were fantastic! they fixed my garage doors in literally less than an
hour. the guy came on time and didn't take any breaks, he went straight to work
and finished the job efficiently and promptly! i couldn't be more happier with
the way my garage looks. GREAT JOB GUYS! 

A+ I would rate Fran pcs an A+ because the price was lower than everyone else, i
got my computer back the next day, and the professionalism he showed was great.
He took the time to explain things to me about my computer, i would recommend
you go to him. David 

This office is awesome! everyone here is super friendly and efficient! its great
to know you can get great service, great product, and for the best price all in
one! I've referred everyone i know here and they all feel the same way!! i'll be
coming back for years to come! 

Criminal Attorney Dallas Dallas Criminal Attorney Peter Barrett is absolutely
committed to vigorously supporting your rights and achieving a successful
outcome. As a qualified criminal defense attorney, he will work every possible
legal "angle" (leaving no stone unturned) of your case to achieve the most
favorable result possible. 

Food was cold I have been here 3 to 4 times and every time food they served
seems warmed up not cooked after you order it. I like my food hot both ways not
warm or cold. Price and taste is good. I will be happy if they can serve when
food is piping hot. KB 

FAST and reasonable$ We went to Kobeys on Saturday and had our whole teams
uniforms done! He was less than half of the price of the cheapest quote we got,
and his work was top notch. Down to earth and fast service. Going back to have
some lab coats done this weekend! 

We love Little Farmer We attend LFTD and our children LOVE it!! They even want
to go to school on the weekends!! They are preparing my older son for
kindergarten and looks forward to seeing his teacher and friends everyday. My
infant is content everyday when I drop off and pick up. 

PAT testing quick & efficient I rang SRD PAT testing and within 3 hours Scot had
come to my premises and PAT tested all my our Spill The Whisky barn dance band
equipment, and supplied a certificate for only 70p per unit. Fantastic, quick
and efficient service. How rare! Well done. 

My favorite florist! I came to La Crosse to go to college, and my mom would send
me birthday flowers though here. They were beautiful and lasted forever! Now
that I live here, this is my favorite place to grab flowers for friends and
coworkers! Hands down, best place in the area! 

I <3 Max's Excellent bagels and excellent service! I go in about every morning
to get bagels for myself or my co-workers and the employees at Max's are great!!
They are friendly and fast. I have never had a problem with their hours because
I always go during the mornings. They are great! 

prepared the road test with a driving ... prepared the road test with a driving
school in edmonton, but my instructor only trained me in a narrow street, hence
I took one 90 minute lesson from the Noble driving school to learn the skill of
changing lane, and found them very friendly and professional. 

Great Doctor! Dr. Faris is a great doctor! I would recommend him to anyone. I
was experiencing severe back pain to the point I could barely walk or even bare
to sit. I went from a pain scale of 8-9 to 0 and I was able to run in the Crim
just a week later!! 

happy customer Mr. Squeege is THE BEST. Prompt, Clean Windows. Affordable
pricing. Friendly responses. How else can excellent be described for a business
of this sort? They have been my only "go-to" resource since we first did
business together. You will find the same to be true for you. 

Fantastic Place to buy your next vehicle We have never had a bad experience
buying from Edmark. This is car number 3 we've purchased through them. We trust
and appreciate Scott Larson and know that he will always take good care of us
and listen to our needs! Thank you again for great customer service! 

Range Rover Sport Window Tints Mark at Tintman Nationwidetints Ltd, did a very
Professional job very quick, no fuss, deliverd the car to me and I drove him
back home,Great arrangement Great price!! Highly recommended!! Thanks Mark.
Steve.... proud Range Rover Sport owner (with rear tints) 

In this hard economic times is very important to save money Very reasonable
prices top quality work The owner operator he does all the the work with Helpers
very friendly I definitely recommend this this guys Don't get jack by big
companies that they pay alot of money to be on top of the list Thanks 

Great pub Had a meal in this pub and i have to say it was excellant. It has to
be one of the nicest pubs that i have been into in a long time, the decor is
nice and it has a really nice garden and a lovely decking area. Good beer good
service and what more could you want. 

awful awful awful This store is by far the worst Verizon store I've been in. The
salespeople are never available, the lines are always too long, and all the
people want is a sale. Incredibly rude and I will not return to it. Is there no
other Verizon to go to around Downtown/Dupont Circle1?!?!? 

Great graphic design work! Fresh Design Studio helped jump-start my own business
by providing affordable and effective marketing materials: logo, flyers, posters
ad design, and more. They have unbeatable price in town and deliver on time. I
enjoy working with this architectural and graphic design firm and will recommend
to anyone. 

Great Surgeon I needed wisdom teeth taken out. Dr. Wallen and staff was
excellent. They were accomdating with my scheduled and work with my insurance to
get payment for the surgery. Dr. Wallen explained the procedure in detail and
took his time with me. Staff explained insurance procedures and was very
helpful. Everyone was very nice. 

The best in the area! I've been to quite a few tattoo shops around this area and
Stainless Steel is by far the best. I am very pleased with the tattoos that I
revived from them. The artwork is excellent and the prices are very reasonable.
I would recommend this shop to anyone looking to get a tattoo. 

Cathy ******Five Stars for Lake Forest Tots. The program has been a postive
experience for my children. I have had all three of my children attend Lake
Forest Tots. The program is well established and we have been extremely
satisfied with the teachers, the programs and the director. Good job, Lake
Forest Tots! 

Great Wine & Service This place is so great! They have a great selection of wine
from all over the world with all different prices. The employees make you feel
very comfortable and are very helpful, whether you are very knowledgeable or
don't know anything at all about wine. Check out their wine tastings every
Friday night! 

A+ Excellent customer service and honest feedback. The team at Bradley Chevron
kept my car running for well past its expected death! They are honest about
'immediate' concerns versus 'recommended' repairs and have very fair prices.
Such a convenient location as well with coffee shop and bradley food and
beverage right around corner. 

Needs to go out of business They close whenever they feel like it, often well
before their listed closing time. Their store is dusty, dirty and feels like
you're stepping into the 1970s. They don't take coupons. They have a credit card
minimum. This place is the opposite of QuikTrip: crappy in every way. 

Where else can you go for $10 and recieve this treatment?! Awesome haircut at
awesome price right here in Palatine! Who can pass up a hot towel and a straight
edge neck shave! I've had 2 cuts now from Georgia and have paid more in other
salons/barbershops and have not received this kind of treatment or cut! 

Baffled by the one-star reviews I don't get it. This place is awesome, with a
great ambiance and cool décor, and the food is scrumptious (and especially their
signature banana split). Sure, some items are a little pricey, but c'mon... have
you ever been out to eat in Seattle before? 

I've only had good experiences at Adorn, I was greeted and offered a
refreshment. I highly recommend Debi, she does an amazing job, I "love" the way
she cuts my hair, extremely thorough and cross checks her work to make sure my
hair is perfect. I always leave loving my hair style. 

Best Chineese food in the area The food here is fresh and hot out of the Wok.
The food is cooked fast by the two chefs on duty. The lunch specials are more
food than most people can eat for about $6. It is busy every day at lunch for a
reason, the service is fast and the food is great. 

Pure Pilates!! It is the real thing - I have been practicing Pilates for over 7
years and would not go anywhere else. It is the attention to detail and the
quality of the work taught at TomiPilates that sets this studio apart from the
others. The teachers are highly trained and are expert at handling all types of
clients. 

I phoned this company for advice on our office refurb and although we did not
use them in the end(as our building contractor carried out the electrical work),
they provided me with plenty of useful information over an hour phone call and
subsequently we are now using PJC as our electrical maintenance contractor.
Thoroughly recommended 

They really go above and beyond! For example, I actually forgot to feed my cat,
and they went out of their way to take care of him. Additionally, when there was
confusion (my fault), they left me flowers along with a personalized gift. They
have been 100% reliable and professional. Definitely recommend! 

heating system Angels seriously, can you imagine having to live through these
last few nights without heat? I would have had to because with the economy the
way it is i aint haves much monies fo repairs round the House....Comfort zone
came out and did my house heat on the cheap. and it works! Thank you Comfort
Zone 

Slowest, Unfriendly Sstaff on Weekends There are three Starbucks locations that
I frequent. I have a bit of experience watching the usual assembly line. I also
understand that weekend staffs are different than daytime staffs and not
necessarily Starbucks A-team or even full-time. But this location has the worst
weekend staff I've seen EVER. 

Skip te rest - this is the best Absolutely great ! Clean, updated room, friendly
staff, safe location. Staff is super friendly, treat you as a friend. Cannot ask
for a better experience. Will be staying here any and every time I come anywhere
near. Overall, Joe is a happy camper who has found a great spot. 

PHOTOS DONE WELL I Love Hellada Gallery! Marek Dzida the owner and photographer
puts whole heart in his business - If you are into old fashion (Not Digital)
quality photography this is best place in Long Beach as I think not many folks
can do affordable traditional photos anymore I know Marek personaly and I will
always recommend him 

BAD COFFEE, DONT BOTHER! Can't you make a decent cup of coffee? You charge SO
MUCH, yet you use the same grounds over and over again. The coffee taste BURNT
and very bitter. No amount of sugar and milk can mask it. CHANGE THE PROCESS,
PPL! Westfield and Rt 1 do it well, WHY CANT U???? 

Home made product I sometimes go into this store just for something to do on a
sunday afternoon. I love the people, the product and the service! Nothing
compares to a home made product that really stands the test of time. - The
Brick, Ikea, and Leon's have their place. But furniture like this will truly be
around forever. 

The internet here is terrible. Like the previous poster said, the com lines are
split between the entire building. That's 3x worse than Qwest DSL's lowest speed
offering! The outward appearance makes you think this place is nice, but
everything inside is cheap cheap cheap. Moving out as soon as our lease is up.
http://www.speedtest.net/result/1155244347.png 

Awesome!!!! Yes my G1 screen is back working. They was about to Charge me
$129...But i paid $100. they save me from having to deal with Tmobile... Tmobile
want to Send of my phone and i didn't want to go thru that... 3 Days For get
that... Great service. I would recommend them to anyone.. 

Great out night! You can't go wrong with Tuesday prices, even if you get quite
the mixed bag of comedians! Extensive drink list and daily specials but wish
they had a bit more on their food menu, although popcorn is a nice touch! (other
items: chicken fingers, wings, asian pizza, and yam and regular fries) 

Their food and sweets are awesome. But service is very poor. Attitude of staff
very bad. Never gives a receipt. Sometimes even gives wrong dish. So confused at
the payment area. Line up is so stupid. Even if you line up. To make a order you
may have to go to back of line. And then wait again. Not organised. 

Hair By Nivine in eastgardens fixed my hair after i had my hair cut and colored
at another salon i felt more confident and the girls are fantastic and ive been
going there now for 2 years always happy and they care about my hair had my hair
done for my wedding it looked fabolous ! and there prices are really good! 

Best food in northeast Theres a reason why Frank mcclelland was named best chef
of the north east reigon. Food here is absolutely superb. Everything is delicous
and cooked perfectly. The waiting staff is beyond impeccable (they refold your
napkin when you go to the bathroom). If you want great food then L'espalier is
the place to go. 

I didn't end up buying my car here, but I did think the guy who worked with me
was pretty cool - he was willing to budge a little on the price which means a
lot to me. Also they will fill your tires with air and other small maintenance
tasks for free, even if you didn't buy your car there! 

The Best Deals in Town Before you buy ANYTHING in NY, make sure you stop by
Jack-s first. Their selection is random, so what they have on a given week might
never be available again at the store. I love it for discounted beauty items and
household appliances. Trust me, you go there once and you-ll always go back! 

First Time Ballerina My daughter is starting ballet this year for the first
time. I'ma soccer mom so I wasn't sure what I was looking for when it comes to
dancewear. The staff was very helpful and gave me exactly what I needed for my
first time ballerina. The service at Instep was great!! I would recommend them
to anyone! 

Outstanding service & quality at a very affordable price! This place is top
notch and highly affordable! I would recommend it hands down and am a loyal
customer. I've also sent over a number of friends to use the services here and
everyone is extraordinarily pleased! Thanks for doing such great work on my
important pieces of clothing that always look great! 

Tried Crust on Broad on 3 occasions. Twice for dinner and once for lunch
Absolutely rude service every time! The staff will not even answer the phone for
take out. Tonight, I called several times with no answer (Btwn 5:30 and 6 pm)
and finally drove there to place my order in person. There was not a customer to
be found. 

we purchased a new home but was unable to sell our old house so we contacted
this property management company and they have helped us quickly rent out our
house and keep it maintained. Since then we have decided to have them manage our
other investment properties as well as we getting older and can no longer
perform all the inquires. Great help! 

We just got our sunroom built by Patio World and can say that I'm extremely
happy with the whole thing. From the amount of time spent with us to explain
things during the initial quote, to the communication through the approval
process to the actual workmanship of the build itself. I have nothing bad to
say. Very glad that we went with them. 

No Customer Service Employees seemed to be having a good time chatting and
laughing with each other, while myself and other customers were completely
ignored. Another person in the store stood there with an item and repeatedly
tried to get a sales persons attention. It wasn't until he gave up and walked
out the door that someone asked Can I help you. 

do NOT bring your car here I got a coupon from Pennysaver for this station. Yes,
they accepted it. However, during the test, they did whatever they can to get my
test failed. Then, they sold me overpriced stuffs, such as oil tank cap, so that
my car can pass it right away. I ended up paying much more. 

Are you kidding me? I don't get it. Spongy and sweet bread (microwaved?),
heartless salsa, tiny dogs...You order at the counter and there is a space for
tip on your credit card receipt. The dude who grills the retarded dogs is rude.
If this is the best that Tucson has to offer, I am outta here... 

I called on a Friday at 12:30 complaining of a severe toothache. Dr. Obina told
me that his office closed at noon and that I should call him on Monday. I had
been a patient of Dr. Olbina for 9 years and had spent thousands of dollars on
crowns etc. There are plenty of good dentists in Fernandina. Don't go to Amelia
Gentle Dentistry. 

Good location For a hotel like this you would expect some form of free internet.
What you get is a $13/day charge to access the internet through a slow
512/512kb/s that you can only use to check email etc (Read: No downloading).
Other than that the hotel is in a good location and the breakfast is great 

Make You Feel Like a Number Stay away from Kids First West Chester. You NEVER
get a human on the phone. It's impossible to get an appointment. If you get
caught in traffic and are a couple minutes late they make you re-schedule... for
6 weeks later. And worst of all your child feels like a number not a patient. Go
somewhere else. 

Rcommended by bees, too! Highly recommended. Joe removed a wasp nest for our
condominium building and we appreciated the environmentally friendly method and
prompt, friendly and informative service. No spraying of pesticides! Very
professional. Reasonable rate. We highly recommend Joe and his wasp removal
service to individual home owners and condos. He knows his bees! Suzanne,
Vancouver 

Very Accomodating We were in Springfield, IL for a family funeral from Kansas
City. We arrived early and the staff was very accomodating to our families and
the situation we were in. The rooms were very clean, including the microwave and
refrigerator. This is a nice place, and I know we will return to meet my
sister-in-law from Chicago!! 

GREAT SERVICE AND PEOPLE!! Deb Watson is the contact person and she and the rest
of the staff were great!!! She continues to help me when needed even if I have a
service question. Since I'm usually at work late Deb has stayed around to help
me out when needed. This was after I brought the car!!!!! Service does not get
any better!!!! 

Hidden Gem in Alpharetta This French born, French trained chef and his creative
partners offer a taste fresh, locally sourced, fabulously prepared food in the
most unlikely of locations. Try their weekend "tastings" which you can learn
about by getting on their weekly email list. It's the best meal for the money
you will find in all of metro Atlanta. 

Le petit is the best place to get your nails done! It is very clean, staff is
friendly, and I have never waited! I go every other week for the shallac/gel
manicure which is only $25 and it truly lasts 2 weeks! I love it. Pedicures are
also great. Try this place out! I promise you will not be disappointed! 

Amazing Pictures at an Amazing Price Rendy is totally amazing. She gave me
amazing pictures at an amazing price and made my wedding day so memorable. She
was way easy to work with and made my wedding day so easy and she got some
amazing pictures, not only of me, but of my family and friends. She is amazing.
I would recommend her to anyone! 

So very delicious! Excellent! November 7, 2010 First time eating at Caffe Bella
Italia and it was a wonderful experience. From the delectable Antipasto Misto to
the Spaghetti alla Barese and the Parmigiana and ending with gelato, all was
mouth watering. Too bad they were out of the Chocolate Lava Cake. Maybe next
time they will have it. Service was excellent! Sandy 

Beware of Sharayu Hopless service, at the time of booking my car a lot was
promised but delivered not even one tenth of what was promised. Apart from that
in spite of my repeated attempts I could not get in touch with the manager to
even lodge an official complaint. My advise to all is I have fallen into this
trap ... pl ensure you dont!!! 

Course has come a long way!! HCC's new nine was a little shaky at first, but the
NEW grounds superintendant has done wonders for the course!! The comment below
definitely needs to be retracted! Come back and give HCC a second chance at
least! It is a great course for local golfers to be proud of and all the
comments in 2008 have been very positive!! 

Excellent Physiotherapists! Kusal Goonewardena and his team of Physios are
unbelievable! I have been suffering from back pain for over 12 years and have
been to numerous specialists, physios, osteos and chiros with no help. It took
the Vigor team only 4 visits to get me feeling normal! And now 2 months after my
last appointment I am better than ever. Thanks guys! 

They must have read these reviews and improved! My husband and I happened in on
a whim. We sat in the front dining area, it was very cozy and pleasant. Our
server was quite attentive and the food was fantastic. My husband has been a
professional chef, so he is a good judge of quality food. This was a flavorful,
enjoyable meal for both of us. 

Rude Rude Rude went in there and got my dog groomed came home to an uneven dog
then took him back to get evened up what a mistake! she didnt even let me finish
a sentence without insulting me and telling me how i should have said it!i wont
go back! she needs to develop a personality !brought dog home and its all choppy
now! 

It's helpful to know a quite a bit about bull fighting. If you watch a lot of
fights (youtube) and research some of the history
(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bullfighting) you will find yourself enjoying it a
lot more! Also after seeing a handful of bullfights, I can say that they're a
lot more enjoyable if you're smashed (BAC>= .15). 

All I can say is that I am glad I went in! The nurses are sweet as pie and the
doctor is wonderful. This place is about healing, not making a buck.The followup
visit is FREE!! After going to the hospital and paying ER prices ... there is no
way I won't be back here!! I will be back and telling EVERYONE about this
clinic. THANK YOU!! 

I just like the fact that he was able to do the specific type of repair I wanted
(a reball) and give me the longest warranty and even a lower price. Someone else
I found that said they could do it but wanted to charge me more and give me less
warranty. It was a no brainer really. I choose Console Pros and I'm happy I did.

This place is bad. It's dark, dingy & dirty. The salads are limp and the rest of
the food isn't any better (ok, the nachos are not too bad!) This place may have
been something sometime; but it way past it "sell by date". I have eaten here
twice in the past year and will not go back and cannot recommend it. 

Top range of bike, cheap prices, excellent a+++ yep they fixeded my thumpstar in
1 day. it wasent going an had a gear box problem.... i coldn't find anywere else
local to fix it so i took it there and they fixed it for $150... thanks guys
goes really well and thaks 4 the cheap price.. excellent, top guys a+++++
reccommend to anyone!!!!!!!!!! 

Hams on Friendly ... RIP This is the original Ham's restaurant, expanded into a
regional chain in the late 80's -- but this one is no more. Victim of hard times
and I suspect failing corporate management. According to news accounts, the
company is struggling. I have many fond memories of my college evenings there
long ago. So long Hams ... you will be missed. 

We are very pleased with the services of First Glass Window. Our window panes
were so dirty that they needed a specialist to come and clean them. We called
few companies before we decide to hire them. They came on time and completed
their work quickly. We were very happy how clean looked our windows. If you have
some problems with your windows, you should call them. 

Great help even near closing time! I came in to town for a week and forgot my
trainers! Oh no!! I came in 30 min before close and the staff was super helpful.
They spent a lot of time with me and got me into a great pair of shoes. I think
they may even be better than the pair I have been using this past year! Thanks
Run on! 

Great This is a perfect place to get your hair done. I have gone there time and
time again whenever I need to get my hair done or when I want a haircut. When I
get my hair done there, they use enough hairstyling products while it does not
ruin your hair. The service is great and during weekends it tends to get busy,
but the wait is worthwhile. 

Highly Recommend I have worked with Shannon as my massage therapist and
intuitive bodyworker for years and have never been disappointed. No matter what
state I am in when I arrive, I always leave feeling better. She has not only
helped me through some challenging computer-work and sports related injuries,
she was wonderful to work with throughout my pregnancy and beyond. I highly
recommend her. 

Best Store In Boothbay Harbor What a fantastic store, I love this place. Not the
same old stuff that all the other stores have. Their items are very unique,
great quality, great prices. They also have the best tea I ever had, not at all
like the junk you get at the grocery stores, I stock up when ever there because
they are closed in the winter.

The BEST Dr. Aster and her team have been a strong advocate in the health of
both my daughters. Dr. Aster is very kind an gentle with the children, but also
positive and to the point with the parents. She is and excellent doctor to have
on one's team. Even though I live pretty far from her office I still make the
trip so my daughters will have the BEST! 

My wife and I avoided doing some fairly simple electrical re-wiring in our home
for several years due to overall hassle and cost involved. I finally called Matt
from Bonafide and he made the project both easy for us and reasonable. He was
prompt, knowledgable, friendly, clean and just an overall great guy who
obviously cares about his business. I will reccommend his services
however/whenever possible! 

Real pros I've had writer friends describe horror stories with their printers. I
tell them: why not just go with these guys? Richard Joule and the gang are pros
from start to finish. They set out to exceed your expectations. Already I'm
considering future projects, and I can assure you that for my printing needs I
will be choosing no other than Atlanta Paperback Book Printing. 

I have been here 3 times and all 3 times it has been bad! They have messed up my
order and.... The food was just not good! I had sonic in many other palces but
for some reason this sonic is always just covered in grease and not good... :( I
hope they get there act together... I am going to give it one last chance in
next few months and see?? 

I called them for an estimate and they INSULTED ME WHEN I ASK THEM QUESTIONS.
THEY ARE VERY RUDE AND NASTY. PLEASE DON'T USE THIS MOVING COMPANY IF YOU DON'T
WANT TO: CRY, HAVE TROUBLE AND A BAD EXPERIENCE ON THE DAY OF YOUR MOVE. THEY
WILL GIVE YOU A LOW PRICE OVER THE PHONE AND ON THE DAY OF YOUR MOVE THEY WILL
CHANGE THE PRICE, I GUARANTEE IT. 

You've Got Maids did a fabulous job cleaning my home. I am hiring them to come
once a week now that they got my house to where they can maintain it for only an
hour and a half every two weeks! Satisfactory for sure with the sercvice! Beats
having one "cleaning lady" who took twice as long and did not do a very through
job like the "maids" did! 

This place has the best baby and childrens clothes. Especially high end keep
sake sort of clothing that you just cant find in a lot of stores. It is all very
unique and you wont find any other baby wearing the same stuff. I spent quite a
bit because I spoil my little princess. Afterall she will only be a baby for so
long I figure why not enjoy it. 

Antique Lighting, Fixtures, Chicago Great place for Antique Lighting! I visited
their huge Chicago lighting showroom and all I have to say is WOW!! Lots of
collections, many antique light fixtures, Chandeliers, custom lighting etc. I
think they have the largest collection for Chandeliers Chicago. Antiques,
Vintage, Contemporary & Modern Chandeliers. I would recommend them for any
custom lighting or Lighting Repair and Restoration Chicago 

Great Food Awesome food Awesome service I wanted to try someplace new again.
This place rocked. Brought my wife Deb with me and she like the Fried Crab
Wontons and said they were good.. We also had the BBQ Spare Ribs.. good also. I
ordered the MOO SHU pork and it was great.. I also ordered the Neptune Platter
which was awesome... so this place gets 5 out of 5 stars. 

DO NOT GO HERE!!! I went to get my nails filled Friday, by Monday 2 were broken.
I was not happy with the way they looked, very wavy, uneven edges, and with the
exception of 1, there is a dip in the center of each nail. I also had a
pedicure, and they cut my nails too short, one of my big toes looks like its
getting infected. 

No way. I'm certainly no expert on asian food in fact not even a lover of
Vietnamese food but I wanted to try the real things here at A Dong. Cold, slimy,
tasteless however is the same in all languages and foods. Not good, not great,
and again another disappointment in Central Iowa. How do these places stay in
business. This town needs some food soul and this is not it. 

Worth Every Penny My girlfriend and I ate at The Grill last night, and our
experience was amazing. Everything we ordered was prepared to perfection, and
was presented perfectly. The asparagus, seared tuna, and lobster tail were the
best we ever had. Then the desserts came, and they were hands down the best
dessert we ever had. I will sum it up with, it was worth every penny! 

BEST CHINESE RESTAURANT EVER!!! It was the best Chinese food I have ever had.
All the food tasted excellent, and with the new renovation of chairs and the
bathroom, it is awesome. The people working their are also extremely polite and
friendly. Every time I go, Kevin, the manager, will always remember my family
and I. Overall, it is very family oriented, and I recommend it to everyone!!! 

Furnace repair Tiger Heating is awesome. I had John and Dustin working
feverishly to get my exhaust motor replaced. These guys were absolutely
professional. John was here in 45 minutes after I called on a 10 below zero
early Sunday morning. If you need someone to help you out with your heating
problems, I DEFINITELY would call TIGER HEATING and AIR. Absolutely a wonderful
company. My family and I thank you!!!!!!!!!! 

They Suck Go somewhere else... Wanted to buy a Rhino 700 and a Grizzly 700.
After searching high and low for a salesman, I was treated like dirt, and we
left. Parts department blows, Service department is even worse. I live 10
minutes from Cycle City, but I Drove 50 mile south to Peachstate Powersports in
LaGrange, dealt with the owner, Levi, and was well taken care of. 

Professional and inspiring Nigel from Nidd Design has always provided a first
class service, from his advice and professionalism to the quality of his design
drawings and planning applications. His knowledge and expertise help smooth the
way with any planning application, ensuring compliance with the building
regulations. Once you have met Nigel you will not want to work with anyone else.
He really does turn your dreams into reality for your home! 

We came at around 730 and they close at 8 and wanted to try the specials but
they were out for the day so I would say go way before they close. Got the crab
rangoon which was great, tofu with cabbage which was spicy but good and shrimp
satay which was also good. Def going to come back and try this place again. Bea
was really nice and asked how the food was. Cute place also 

As a native southern Californian I can tell you that this is not authentic
Mexican food. However, I still like this place a lot. Esp. the mole, tortilla
soup, and guacamole. Margaritas are alright. My only complaint is the QUESO. It
used to be fabulous, why did you guys change it?? Queso should not be watery :(
..... ***update*** NEVER MIND! They fixed the queso! Thankyouthankyou 

There are so many wonderful great places to dine in houston....don't.waste your
time here. I had the morelias enchiladas. The sauce was dry and the enchiladas
did not taste good.at all. In fact my friend vomited after our meal. Maybe we
ordered the wrong dish but my experience here was poor. Service was okay not
great, we came for a late lunch. I don't recommend this place. 

Skylight repair My skylight was making a horrible noise when the wind blew.
James Bateman came the day I called and fixed the problem quickly and
efficiently. He also inspected my entie roof to see if there was anything else
that needed attention. He called the next day to see if everything was to my
satisfaction. When the next hailstorm blows through, I will not hesitate to
contact James at Team Texas Construction. 

tricky short guy The new management is tricky and talk you into getting video
rental agreement. To my surprise $20 deposit.... New movies not on shelf..under
the counter for Telugu Speaking people only... or people who spend $30 or more
groceries.. That did it for me..no more Raina's. Besides parking is a
pain..cramped and un-ruly with Kumon Parents next door....gives me heebee gee
bees' 

Small Firm with Great Service Bloom Legal was really attentive to my problem,
and Seth Bloom took the time to help me understand the legal issue I was dealing
with. I much preferred the one-on-one service here to the experiences I've had
with bigger offices and firms. While I hope I don't have any need for a lawyer
anytime soon, if I do I'll definitely use this firm again. 

Used their service for the first time and was immediately impressed by their
professionalism (received a phone call soon after order was placed to confirm
details) and the subsequent delivery of my gift (To Split, Croatia) was as
requested. The gift itself was exactly as described and pictured in the
catalogue and of the highest standard. Would highly recommend to anyone
requiring overseas gift delivery. Danny (Australia) 

I LOVE MY GYM! FITNESS UNLIMITED is a second home to a lot of us gym members who
work out daily. If you are serious about working out in a non-commercial like
atmosphere then you have chosen the best place to be. This is the most humble
gym you will every step into.... if you dare to work on your body don't be
surprised when you see how addicting going to FITNESS UNLIMITED can be!! 

Over-rated... This restaurant is over-rated. It is hard to find...and the
mexican food is bland, almost equivalent to eating out of a can. The service is
poor...I asked for a fried egg on my enchiladas...and did not get it.! Secondly,
the enchladas did not come with enchilada sauce..but chili...like Hormel's
chili..the cheese was American cheese! The Chili Relleno..had no batter on it. 

I googled restaurants in the area and Fuji Sushi came up and reviews were great
so I made a carry out order of : L 17. Mixed Tempura.....................8.25
Shrimp or vegetable tempura & salad. I was very happy with the customer service
and even more please with the portion size, to go box set up and quality of the
food for the price. I'm very happy and will definitely dine in and carry out
again. 

Learn from a Cesar Gracie black belt and former ufc fighter! When i say
jiu-jitsu or mma i mean it! Best jiu-jitsu mma in Santa Rosa and i have the
experience and belt to back it up! When you come to ncfa you will see a real
instructor that teaches and trains everyday! If your coach has no fights and you
never see him train and sweat something is wrong! Dave Terrell
www.norcalfightingalliance.com 

Good Pizza at a good price I just moved nearby and have tried several of the
local places, this was the first one and I should have just stuck with it. The
pizza is usually pretty good, the only bad one we got was on a Friday night and
it just needed to be cooked a little more, but it was still good. Their BBQ
chicken pizza is one of the better ones I have ever had. 

HORRIBLE SERVICE!!! Absolute horrible service from the parts department. They
are very rude over the phone and in person. They talk down to you like they are
supreme beings, if you hate your job so much then quit!! How these guys can get
away with being so rude with people is mind blowing. I will NEVER do business
with Sun Toyota again. Thank god there are plenty of Toyota dealerships to
choose from in this city. 

this is a good place I have been here before and the service was absoulutely
great. They had a great selection of colors to choose from and their seats are
super comfty. I enjoy going there although i've only been there once, i will be
returning toda to recieve a pair of french tips and i will only go to the best
and to me the best is here. i reccomend you to go and enjoy their wonderful
hospitality. 

Anna Marie and Govind are very sweet people, and the minute you steep into their
school, the calm loving atmosphere takes over, and tension and worries stay
outside in the street, whether or not you pick them up again after class is
probably a question of practice. A wonderful place, if you want more than just
the physical side of yoga. Give yourself the gift of trying this place, to see
if it fits you... 

They don't seem to be interested in selling cars. Went there yesterday: we are
trying to decide between two different Honda models, so we wanted to test-drive
both back to back. The salesperson refused! Claimed he was too busy for two test
drives. We were the only customers there! Don't waste time, just drive 10
minutes more down to Stevens Creek, they actually do try to help their customers
there! 

ATE HERE A COUPLE TIMES. IT IS NOT A HIGH END STEAK HOUSE, MORE OF THE CUISINE
BRETT ENJOYS IN MISSISSIPPI. SO, IF YOU WANT A BURGER AND FRIES, WELL, IT IS OK.
IF YOU WANT A LITTLE CAJUNISH FOOD - IT IS GOOD. IF YOU WANT A STEAK, WELL, THIS
IS NOT THE BEST IN GREEN BAY. OVERALL DECENT BUT IF YOU ARE EXPECTING A RUTH
CHRIS TYPE STEAK, THIS IS NOT IT. 

Eulogic Good place to be on a Sunday Night. The beers were good, nice choice of
beers as well, and as usual the mussels were great, the place upstairs is a nice
addition to the bar downstairs. Filled up on too much beer and hence cannot
comment on the food. But the menu had standard stuff that one would get at a
Belgian Tavern. If you are a handcraft beer person, this is a fantastic place to
be. 

Perfect Location plus I moved into the Tanglewood Apartments in late 2008 and
it's been a refreshing change. I used to live at Meadowrun and that was a
nightmare. The manager - Tiffany - is actually very nice so I'ma bit surprised
by other comments. She's very reachable and she has always responded quickly to
any questions or requests. Plus she plans a monthly breakfasts and other events
at the clubhouse which is a nice added benefit. 

great service/deals - support this local business I have used these guys for new
snows, fixing lots of flats, used replacement tires, and oil changes. They have
the best prices locally and good customer service. One guy is a little surley,
but who gives a crap as long as your car's work is outstanding. AND they're
usually able to help you as a walk-in, and they're fast. Overall-good stuff. 

Another great business bites the dust! The best cakes EVER! A bit pricey, so I
didn't go very often, but it was always a treat when I did. The prices were
worth what I got. I'm assuming they are completely out of business since I can't
find any contact information. I'm hoping the bakers continue to do their baking
out of another place, because it would be a shame not to have these cakes any
longer. 

Super nice people, really good food What I love most about this place, other
than the food, is that eating here makes you feel like you're in a small town
rather than Baltimore. The owners are really nice, they serve good food at a
good price, and the option to eat outside on the deck (esp on the weekend
whether there is hardly any traffic) is great. One of my top 5 places to eat in
Baltimore. 

Overpriced This place is identical to the Youngstown Sports Grille, so I imagine
they are owned/operated by the same people. The food is mediocre at best, and
largely overpriced given the portion size and quality. Don't even get me started
on how expensive it is to drink there. I have ate here 3 times since they first
opened, and the service has been poor each time, the staff always comes across
as somewhat rude and slow. 

Apps 4 Salad 3 Entree 3.5 Wine 5 (NOV 07) Enjoyed this cozy little spot with a
group of 8 folks. Service was excellent. Food was excellent. Wine was excellent.
I was feeling the need for some fish so I had the salmon which was very good but
the steaks looked amazing and if I am in town again, I'll definitely order a
steak. A perfect place for a romantic dinner. Lots of "pretty people" dining
inside. 

Great staff. Very helpful!!!! They interviewed me, gave me tests in the software
I included on my resume, and placed me in a position that I kept for several
years. Re-interviewed and am going on interviews for a new job. I'm really
thankful for the folks at HR Office. They are dependable, have great connections
in the community, and are a great resource for finding a job. I highly recommend
them to all of my friends!!!!! 

Great experience - consider checking out their puppies before buying from a
breeder! I adopted a 3.5 month old yellow lab last winter from the Dumb Friends
League. The staff was very helpful in finding the right dog for me and the care
my pup received was outstanding. If you are on the lookout for a pure breed pup
don't forget to check out the shelters! My pup has a wonderful temperment and
has been a wonderful addition to my family! 

Food good, service poor No silverware, asked for a spoon for my sons mac and
cheese ended up having to use my tea spoon. Asked for bar-b-que sauce never got
it. Never checked back with us once we got our food. Had to go the the bus boys
station ourselves to get napkins. Only one server, too buys talking with others
I guess. Food was good, but service means a lot to me. 

Dr. Chao you are the best dentist I have ever had. You are knowledgeable,
professional, gentel and kind. I wish I had you as my dentist early on in my
life - maybe my teeth would have been a lot better then they are now, However I
am glad you are my dentist now. Even though you are expensive. Thank you for
helping to preserve my teeth. You are meticulous in your work and it shows in my
smile. 

Con Garage I brought my car in for a simple emissions test. I guess they figured
me for an easy mark, and tried to explain that my car wouldn't pass unless I
replaced a hose. Ten minutes later, I took my car down the street and it passed
the emissions test with flying colors. If you're a fan of herpes, being ripped
off, and child molesters, this is the garage for you. If not, go somewhere else.

Rude service even though I have never tried hoa salon but I agree with other
reviewers that they are rude. I called and asked about the price for hair updo
and the receptionist or owner who aswered the phone refused to tell me, or even
just give me an approximate price range. He told us to stop by the salon and
then he will tell us the price. What kind of rude service is that? I don't want
to waste my time with them. 

Top notch eats! So here we are in Manson. Manson? Yes, Manson. Right near
Chelan. Aka Nowheresville. And this litttle gem of a 7-table restaurant is a
complete and utterly wonderful surprise. A short but wide-ranging menu executed
with innovative perfection in a cozy hole in the wall just off the main street.
Fantastic food served without pretense, very reasonably priced wine selections.
A great place to go for dinner after a day of wine tasting. 

Excellent Service and Reasonable Prices Boutique stores dealing in children's
clothing/gifts are often outrageously priced (who wants to pay 40 dollars for a
newborn onesie?) but I was pleasantly surprised to find that the Purple Goose's
prices are reasonable (for the SAME products found at other area boutiques, the
prices were 20-25% cheaper). The service was also excellent - friendly, helpful
and informative without being overbearing. Will definitely return. 

Consistantly poor A lack of organisation, coupled with the distain for its
customers, makes this the worst rental agency I have used. Chasing them on
issues from the day I moved in (many of them still unresolved as I left) to all
sorts of farcical issues with funds, after I left. . . . as soon as I could. If
you must use them, be vigilant and be ready to push, if you can go elsewhere
then I would. 

AMAZING NIGHT- Great Party Spot!! Went to the Willow Lounge this past weekend
for dinner and drinks...place is awesome. Had to keep in mind that the A/C
broke, I feel bad it was their opening! Anyway, once that is fixed, this place
will be amazing. Drinks were awesome, prices reasonable, and staff friendly.
This is an awesome date spot that the area SERIOUSLY needs. Check out The Willow
Lounge, youll be happy! 

Its been a few years since I have been to Ipanema. But my wife and I first went
there thinking it would be Brazilian food (think lots of meat), but it turned
out to be a vegan restaurant! And, I can say, this was one of my favorite places
to eat in all of Richmond. Amazing! Don't let the nondescript building entrance
fool you, these are some creative and talented chefs...two thumbs way, way up! 

Excellent food, fantastic wait staff I recently threw a surprise birthday party
for my wife at Fraiser's. We had 30 guests for the event, and everyone came away
from the evening impressed with not only the food, but the outstanding service
as well. The management was easy to deal with during the planning stages, and
the execution by the kitchen and wait staff was flawless. I highly recommend
Fraiser's for anyone planning a special event for friends, family or business. 

FANTASTIC STORE!!! I came upon this store as the building caught my eye. It's
located in the huge HONKA Log Homes building, by Walmart off of Evergreen
Parkway. The store was decorated with furnishings & accessories. The friendly
crew working was great & very helpful. This store is what Colorado is all about.
Also, I purchased some furniture last year and all has been great! It's
durability & look was perfect and I will definitely be adding to my collection
soon! 

Lovely People, Great Hats I was saddened to see the reviews that claimed World
Hats Mart has poor service. It led me to believe that the reviewers simply had
difficulty tolerating people with strongly-accented English. The husband and
wife who run this spot are lovely people. We have had many conversations with
them and they have always been extremely patient with me as I tried on multiple
hats in search of the right costumes for my magic act. I recommend them highly!

DONT ever go there, not even if your car flips. Their service sucks to start off
with, people are cruel and ignorant. I'm compeltly dissatisfied with their
service and their products. They DO NOT have a return policy and even if their
product SUCKS, they will NOT take it back! DO NOT EVER GO HERE. I prefer
Advanced auto parts over this crappy place with the meanest people. And they
THRIVE to get a customer. DO NOT go here..thank you 

Horrible I have been growing my hair out for 1 year plus and went in to get 1
inch taken off. I walked out with 5 inch long hair on the top, 2 inch long hair
on the sides, and 1.5 in the back. My hair is uneven and it looks rediculous.
This woman should be working in supercuts...if that. This was a terrible
experience and I hope that no one else goes through that. Do your self a favor
and do not go to this establishment. 

The worst Burger King restaurant!!! I generally like the BK over the other fast
serving restaurants; however, I regreted to visit this restaurant at my town.
This is a shame of my adorable town, Branford. I ordered a kid meal with a milk
and found a bottle was half opened already. I asked them to change it but they
rudely said that it was okay. Disgusting french fries is very best menu. Don't
go, or you will learn how to waste your money. 

Disappointed The Bad: I was at Napa recently and was unpleasantly surprised at
poor waiter svce and subpar food. We were a party of 4 and none of us were
particularly pleased with our dishes. Napa is all about wine but gives very
short descriptions of the wines on their lists. I found my initial selection
satisfactory but the wine flight we chose to be poorly composed. If you must go
ask lots of questions about your selections since your expectations may as high
as mine were. 

Highly Recommended We walked in to pick our little man at 10 minutes to closing
and heard laughter from kids and the staff. The facilities are more than
adequate and the staff are just phenomenal. Their sense of humour and calmness
when dealing with the little ones amazes me every time I walk in. We have since
moved slightly further away from the centre but it's worth the extra travel, as
the care provided exceeds our expectations... especially after a few horrendous
daycare experiences elsewhere. 

HORRIBLE!!!!! This has to be some of the worst pizza I have ever had the
misfortune of ordering. The crust was lopsided, thicker on one side than the
other. It actually had a hole in one of the slices. There was minimal cheese and
sauce and it completely lacked flavor. I know New York pizza and this is not
it!! This was nothing like New York style pizza!!!. I love pizza and this was a
complete and utter disappointment!! I would not suggest this pizza to anyone!!!

best quote ever My gate was stuck halfway open so I calledA CLASS Garage Doors
Dr Services. They came to my house in no time and started working on the gate.
They were very friendly and were able to explain me exactly what was wrong with
it. Once they fixed it they answetred all of my questions with no hesitations
and then gave me the best quote ever. I know that if my garage door needs to be
repaired, I will be calling A CLASS Garage Doors 

You will be happy at this store! Allen Tire was recommended by friend after my
having bad tire experiences in Temecula. The store manager, Jim Smith, made an
excellent tire recommendation for my newly acquired Lexus. Tires were the right
price and now the car feels like it is riding on rails around turns. The store
is clean, run very professionally and a pleasure to be in. They know their job
and you do not have to watch them to be sure everything is done right. 

Easiest Time I ever had purchasing a car! Excellent service, Not only did they
get the exact car I wanted win in 48 hours but the sales man also took me out to
lunch. Very kind and reliable. I highly recommend this dealership if you would
not like to hassle on price and receive friendly service. I have since purchased
two cars from this dealership, The first one was from Phillip and the second was
from Richard. Both were excellent sales men who put my needs first. 

This place has done a great job of taking care of the usual maintenance on my
hooptie. I also never have to wait long for a yearly inspection sticker...and
never get the usual excuses other shops always gave me..."the inspection guy
isn't here today"....for example. Today I went into Kwik Kar and there were two
cars in front of me for inspection...but I was still out of there pretty
quick...barely had time to read a chapter in my book. 

Extremely helpful and professional As first-time home buyers, my husband and I
found Stephanie Fairchild at Prudential Steamboat Realty, extremely helpful. She
worked with us for over a year, helping us find our perfect home. Stephanie's
knowledge of the market and properties in our price range, made us feel secure
in our decision to buy when we did. We would highly recommend Stephanie to
anyone looking for a home in the Yampa Valley. We appreciated her patience,
knowledge and kindness! 

Great Barber Firstly, the other reviewer clearly has never been to Nick's, or he
would know that Nick only charges $13 for a haircut which is pretty much
industry standard. I have been going to Nick for 5 months now precisely because
he does pay attention to detail. I have terrible hair and he really takes his
time to make it look right. Some of the younger kids that work there are a bit
sub par, but if you wait for Nick... you'll be good. 

UGH!!! Got some nice "freshly baked" fruit squares, a personal favorite of mine.
Took a bite, it tasted odd. Flipped the square over and saw it riddled with
green mold!!!! Ugh!! I called the store and the clerk giggled, and agreed that
it was gross, but said it was not her problem. She also refused to get a
manager. I left my number, or tried to anyway. Same clerk had considerable
difficulty taking down a number. I'll never go back there again 

For cheap Chinese food, this is the place to go. I used to eat at places like
New China or Green Buffet in Troy, MO - nothing terrible but not that great.
Now, I won't eat fast food Chinese unless it's from this place. The best value
I've found from a Chinese restaurant. I don't live in Lake St. Louis anymore,
but deliveries were always correct and the service courteous. Now I have to be
in the area to get some lovin' :sadface: 

Amazing Experience! My experience was amazing at Providence Aesthetics and
Medical Spa. Jana Kueck was nothing but professional. She makes you feel like
you are the most important person in the world. Jana made me feel very
comfortable. Provided me with warm blanket and has soft music playing. Walking
in the door you are made to feel happy and relaxed. Equipment is state of the
art. I would reccomend anyone to go see Jana Kueck and Robin Talley to see all
the many procedures they have to offer. 

Dave is a patient and methodical teacher, who has a great ear and sensitivity
for his students' passion and the direction they want their lessons to take.
Also, he loves teaching so much, his price is unbeatable, but that does not
change his level of skill. Dave has much to offer. In just 2-3 focused lessons,
I'm already now capable of picking up new songs off YouTube guitar how to videos
and am even writing my own orginals with confidence! ~Jason 

We love our new roof! We would like to thank you for the roofing job you did on
our home. Everything was done on a timely manner and things were cleaned and
picked up every day when the crew was done. We also liked the way that Ray
checked on the job everyday. And when the job was done every thing was cleaned
up and hauled off that same day. We would not hesitate to use Spears Roofing
again. We have already recommended you to some of our friends! 

OMFG I FUCKING HATE THIS PLACE EVERY TIME i GO THIS HOT CHICK SHOWS UP AND i
MEAN REALLY HOT BUT SHE IS LIKE REAAAALLY DUMB AND THEN THEIR IS THIS OTHER
CHICK THAT IS REALY UGLY BUT SHE IS LIKE SUPER SMART SHE COULD BE A SCIENTIST,
BUT THEN THEIR IS THIS STONER WHO ALWAYS COMES HERE HIGH AND HE ALWAYS BRINGS
HIS FUCKING DOG WHO IS SO HIGH FROM THE SECOND HAND SMOKE I THINK HE IS TRYING
TO TALK. ANYWAY WE DRIVE AROUND IN MY VAN AND SOLVE MYSTERYS AND SHIT 

AMAZINGLY YUMMY! I just got back from france yesterday and just missed the food
already! My sister in law told me about this amazing new crepe place in town, I
was so excited I just wanted to go and test it out for my self! Their customer
service was perfect! Their Food was better then anything I had ever tasted. EVEN
IN FRANCE! I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a great
atmosphere, amazing food, and great customer service! Thank you Roll UP Crepes!

This is one of the worst places I have stayed, we cut out stay short and went to
the Mulberry. Even though they still charge you the days you booked but won't
use, it is worth the get the hell out of this crap hole. The whole experience
shows a hotel managed by what must be a 2 star hotel manager. Bad service
starting from the front desk. The best person is the valet. Short of that, avoid
this place, as a silver Marriott member, this is a disgrace. 

BEST PLACE IN AMES I lived here for two years when the prices were a little
lower :) The places are very nice and clean, and in great condition! I really
enjoyed the staff at Wessex, also the manager Sherri was always very nice and
helpful. The fitness center was GREAT! The only problem that I had in 2 years of
living there was that the walls are pretty thin, sometimes I could here my
neighbors conversations. I would recommend these apartments to anybody! I
absolutely LOVED living there. 

The Best Service Ever!! I have never had better service. My car broke down and
roadside towed my vehicle to Sussman Kia. They squeezed me in and had me back up
and running in no time. Everyone was pleasant and very helpful. The service
department even gave me a ride home and picked me up when my car was finished.
The advisor kept me up to date and informed on the progress of my vehicle. I
give this dealer an A+! I will definitely be bringing my car back for service. 

HEAVEN ON EARTHHHHHHH!!!! MUST TRY!!! A+++ THIS PLACE IS THE BEST. I HATED SUSHI
BEFORE BUT NOW I CANT STOP EATTING IT!!!!!!! NICE SERVICE, AND EXCELLENT FOOD.
EVERYTHING IN HERE SEEMS TO AMAZE ME!!! THEIR GRILL DISHES ARE OUTTA THIS WORLD
AND SUSHI IS JUST FABULOUS!!!! I EAT HERE AT LEAST 5 DAYS A WEEK. THEY HAVE
EXCELLENT SUSHI CHEF SPECIAL ROLLS FOR A FAIR PRICE AND SO IS THE GRILL ORDERS.
A++++ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! JUNO AND OPEN I LOVE YOU
GUYS!!!!!!!!!!!!!! [no homo] :D 

friendly, fine food The one-star review from 2005 is out of date. There was a
change of ownership a couple of years ago and service is both quick and
extremely friendly. The food continues to be very good -- deli sandwiches,
homemade soups, fresh salads. The atmosphere may not be for everyone. It is a
bustling place where separate parties are seated at the same table (as in many
European cafes), but if you are OK with that, the food is very good. Love the
soups. 

The New Italian Kid on the Block Another Italian restaurant in Collingswood? Do
we need another one? Only if it is of the quality of That's Amore. The menu has
the usual but then they step it up another notch. The arancini di riso (risotto
fritters) are not to be missed. Chicken saltimboca was excellent and then
there's the chocolate mousse that comes straight from heaven. Pay extra
attention to the appetizers - the next time I go there I'm planning on ordered a
few instead of an entree.

Auto Towing is one of the best towing services I have used. The first time I
used them they arrived on time and towed car for me to the destination I needed.
The auto mechanics that work for Auto Towing are very friendly and informative
and answered any question I had. They have towed car for me a few times and I am
always very satisfied with this services. If you are looking for towing services
that can offer you a good towed car service, then Auto Towing is the company for
you. 

A very satisfied new customer! As a very satisfied new customer, I
wholeheartedly recommend United Air Duct Cleaning. They are professional,
knowledgeable, and take meticulous care and pride in accomplishing their work.
Not only were my wife and I very pleased, but I also had the air duct quality
tested professionally by the home inspector that I regularly use, before and
after United Air Duct performed their work. Based on the test results, the home
inspector stated that the quality of their job was “excellent”. 

The Best Breakfast in Solana Beach! We love T's Cafe! Without a doubt the best
place to grab a tall bloody mary and some eggs benedict. T's has been a North
County landmark for thirty years and with good reason. Family owned and operated
makes sure the atmosphere is relaxed and the food home-cooked with style. I
highly recommend picking up a jug of their homemade bloody mary mix - definitely
the best. If you've been to North County, chances are it's in your favorites
list already. 

Prominent Builders NJ Prominent Builders in New Jersey are one the best building
contractors, I was referred to them by my friend, I am so glad I used them for
my Home renovation, and addition. They were very professional, respectful,
completed the Job on time, and well below my budget. Mike one of owners was
awesome, he explained the detailed plan, and executed on time, I am always going
use them and refer them to many friends I can because of the great job they did
me. 

Great Dude Cut! Great service, cool vibe, impeccable style. I'ma guy with tricky
hair so getting that right is job #1. After going through 5 other places I
finally found Janice at Alta Moda. Not only was it a good cut but my wife and
friends comment on my hair every time I leave...saying it's the best look I've
ever had. Either I suck at my own style or Janice is a genius. Looks like
there's a lot of talent in this place. Worth every penny. 

My Favorite place at Wildwood I have been going to the Wildwood, NJ for over 30
years for summer vacations and always call the Madrid first. I rated it 5 stars.
I am not saying it is a 5 star hotel. I am saying when comparing all other
hotels in Wildwood, this hotel has everything that we are looking for. It is the
hospitality from Tom and staff, that makes it feel like a 5 star hotel in the
middle of the beach. We prefer the layout of rooms and it is always clean. 

When in Scordia, Sicily If ever in Sicily please take the time to visit Anna
Maria Jose Mudo and her familia. They are and always will be the nicest people
in Sicily that you will meet. You will also have the pleasure of learning the
Italiano language. You will also have the experience of learning the bella
Sicilian culture, that I have fallen in luv with. I will 4-ever be eternally
grateful for their hospitality and luv that my Sicilian family showed me when I
was there for 3 years. Luv always.. 

I've never felt the need to write a review or make a complaint before, but after
the way I was spoken to by a member of staff at the kennels (whose name I
believe to be Mrs Closs) I would now not recommend this business to anybody. If
the animals are treated in the same way the customers are treated then this
leaves a lot to be desired! Nobody should be spoken to like that regardless of
how bad their day may have been or what may be going on in their private lives!

Best Car Dealer in TX I purchased a nissan from this dealship. The sales men
were very knowledgeable about every aspect of every car we looked at. They were
very patient and helpful from showing the cars to doing the paperwork. The
paperwork was a very easy and smooth. They tried to run my credit score as less
as possible so it won't hurt my score. Overall, I was very happy with the
customer service and my purchase. If you're looking to buy a car, definitely
give them a call. They have a huge inventory. 

I have been a patient a NW hospital and it was great. I have also had an 80 yr
old that I take of sent to the ER and long stays in the hospital. Yes, we had to
wait, but ER is a triage system that takes the most life threatening cases
first. Any ER would be the same. As far as being treated like a drug seeker,
that has not been my experience. As a nurse I know about drug seekers. This is a
great hospital and even better since it became part of the UW system. 

Wonderful Experience I had immense pain on a Sunday morning, with friends and
family telling me that I would never find a Dentist on a Sunday. Dr. Taylor was
not only available on a Sunday, but also was able to immediately take care of
me. He was incredibly informative about the options I had, giving me opinions on
different treatments to choose from. Coming from a person who hates the dentist
in general, Dr. Taylor was the best! He really made the visit a pain free one
with excellent service! I would recommend him to everyone! 

HORRIBLE This school is the worst one i've ever been to. I attended it for 2
years, and that was enough. There's holes everywhere in the ceiling, sewage
constantly leaks through the ceiling, and the whole condition of the school is
horrible. The staff and the Principal are rediculous, they don't listen to any
input, and they make up rediculous rules ( They banned backpacks, because a
teacher TRIPPED OVER a student's). The education is horrible at best, do society
a favor, and do NOT send your student here. 

Excellent customer service and quality work. They went the extra mile to repair
my cowboy boots-- they had to have a special kind of paper that looked like wood
grain to fix the heels. That was 4 years ago. I haven't been able to find a shoe
repair place in Seattle since that has been able to do it. (I've been through at
least 5 places already.) If I had time to drive to Tacoma before they closed
during the work week, I would just so I could get those boots fixed properly
again. 

So Handy for Local La Jolla Stuff - Especially for Finding Residential Numbers
Since moving back from college and trying to settle roots in the Village, I have
referred to the La Jolla Blue Book for a ton of local numbers. The white pages
allowed me to get in touch with parents of my high school friends so that I
could track people down one by one and the restaurant section is basically my
cookbook. It's really cool that so many local businesses are found so quickly in
one place and I want to spread the word. THX:-) 

The staff do occasionally get game info correct, but if your looking fot a good
game and aren'ta nerd, dont ask them. The last time I did that I was suggested
to buy oblivion when I told them I was looking for a fps. I knew what it was and
told the guy that it wasn'ta fps. He tried to tell me it was when I told asked
him if he knew what fps stood for and he had no clue. Overall they aren't very
knowledge about the type of games are on the market. 

First and Last time we'll eat there My friend and I went there for lunch today.
Neither one of us had ever been - so we thought we'd try it. BIG MISTAKE - The
food was tasteless and cold. We both kept trying to find something we liked. The
only thing I found edible were the potato wedges, I finally gave up, he kept
trying - he found the fried wantons to be OK - His Mongolian bowl was awful.
Would NOT recommend this place to anyone - in fact - save your money and go
somewhere else. 

Liquidweb.com Rocks!!! I am not a client of liquidweb.com, but one of my friend
called Steven is the client having several websites. I work with him and since
past 6 years he is hosting his websites to Liquidweb. As I have gone through
many reviews sites to see if any provider is providing better services or not,
and I have realized that there were many good reviews about Liquidweb also
Steven never faced any server issues in his whole hosting. The kind of support
they provide is simply great!!! I would like to host my upcoming website to
Liquidweb.com 

Hino Dealer of the Year Congratulations Prestige Hino! You have been awarded the
converted Hino Dealer of the Year! Each of you should be proud of your massive
contributions throughout the year! Major Awards – Overall Hino dealer of the
year. Overall Hino finance dealer of the year. Major Awards – Market leader
overall, Dandenong PMA, sales. Market leader medium duty, sales. Well done to
Anthony and the team! Bronze award service excellence, metro. Well done to
Brendan and the team! Gold award parts excellence, metro. Well done to Jason and
the team! 

simple but perfect IF you want flashy fancy food stacked high with lots of fussy
garnishes, this is not the place for you. If you want perfectly executed simple
dishes that feature a few exquisite ingredients, you'll love Vetri. Hands-down
the best pasta and gnocchi I've ever eaten (and I've eaten a lot). The antipasti
were amazing, the wines were mind-blowing, the service couldn't have been
better. I've dined at lots of high-end restaurants and I've never before felt my
money was so well spent. 

Great Prices, Great service! I've been to this shop twice (once for an
inspection and again for an oil change) and they truly live up to their name:
Discount! They have all kind of coupons available for car washes, oil changes,
state inspection, etc. The thing is, you still get high quality service at
nicely discounted rates! There is even free coffee and bottles of water if you'd
like. The owner is a pleasant guy and I would trust my car with him or any of
his workers. Top notch, all the way! 

David is amazing David is the most helpful and creative photographer that I have
used. He is willing to do whatever you need from him without hesitation. He was
patient and adapted when everything didn't go according to schedule on my
wedding day. Both the engagement and wedding pictures that he took for us we
absolutely amazing. He got the pictures back to me quickly. I would highly
recommend David to anyone. He will exceed your expectations! He doesn't just
take pictures he makes art out of them and you won't even notice that there's a
camera there. 

Not so great My husband just got a bike there as a gift he's only had it a
month. It's a nice bike and it cost a lot of money. But just this week a peddle
broke. He took it back and they would not honor a warranty and said it was his
fault because of his shoes?? So they were going to charge him for new peddles
and proceeded to put them on without even telling him the price. Which was very
expensive. He asked for a different pair instead and they only gave him five
dollars off?? Trek is not so great 

Only Concerned With Money I have been getting my treatments for a few months now
and have seen some results but not up to the standards that I was told I should
expect. The people there attempt to come across and professional and nice, but I
was disappointed with their customer service. Never miss an appointment because
they will charge you the price of a treatment, even if you had an emergency.
It's pretty ridiculous! They want to squeeze as much as they can from you even
if you just got in a car accident!!!! They don't care one bit about you!!!!! 

Terrible service!!! Made an appointment to have them come to the house to
discuss curtain options and give an estimate. They sent over someone who said he
knows nothing about curtains and could not show me fabric options or give an
estimate. When I called the manager to complain, she said she KNEW the guy
didn't know about curtains and that the usual lady called in sick hours earlier!
Instead of rescheduling they chose to waste my time instead. So what was the
point of the appointment!?! To just come over and hang out?!? I will NEVER do
business with this company! EVER!!! 

Internet Department is rude and insulting I was looking to bring a customer to
their lot to buy a car but the Internet salesperson Last name is Balazick sent
me this email "AND IF IT WAS WORTH MY TIME I WOULD OF BOTHERED ASWERING YOUR
QUESTIONS. I MAKE MONEY NOT DEAL WITH BROKERS" Wow, can you believe in todays
tough times this dealership would be looking for any way to move vehicles. As a
previous Internet Manager I would deal with anyone looking to buy a car for a
profit and not care if they came in with a broker. Stay away from this
dealership!!! 

This place is a Rip-Off I brought a car in to have the "check engine" light
diagnosed back in March of 2010. They said it was "plugs and wires" and quoted
me $330 to do the work, including parts. I asked why so high and they said it
was due to the labor of moving things out of the way. Those things ended up
being a windsheild washer fluid tank (1 screw) and the air filter canister (4
spring clips). I did the work myself for $50. There's no excuse for that kind of
estimate. 

My girlfriend and I took a chance on this place because we didn't want to wait
in line at Outback. What an amazing find - this restaurant is a GEM. #1 its
immaculately clean. #2 the decor is tasteful and artistic, from the comfortable
chairs to the elegant light fixtures.... and (most importantly) #3 the food is
FANTASTIC. This is authentic Cuban cuisine; fresh ingredients expertly prepared
and seasoned perfectly. The portions were generous and we got out for less than
the cost of one entree at some chain restaurant. TRY THIS PLACE - YOU'LL LOVE
IT. 

Thank you for helping me get more healthy! I came in and saw Dr. Ruona about a
month ago for quitting smoking. I have to tell you that I haven't had one and
don't want one. It is the easiest thing that I have ever done and I tell all my
friends that they should do it too. I sent a customer of mine to you. Dr. Ruona,
if you read this, thank you for helping me get more healthy. I feel lighter and
feel that I have more possibilities open to me now than I did before. I can't
thank you enough. 

Signs of Saltford - an excellent supplier of value for money signs and banners
etc. I have been a friend and customer of Signs of Saltford for well over 12
years now and I also became their website supplier some 3 years ago. Tina is the
driving force of the business and you can be assured that she will endevour to
satisfy all your signage requirements at the most cost effective rates. I have
been extremely pleased with the signs and pop-up banners she has supplied to me
over the years - a truly first class family business run by Tina and her husband
Chris. 

My counseling practice Hello my name is Vera and I'm writing a review about my
own counseling practice in Bellevue, WA. and in Renton WA. I am a licensed
mental health counselor and I work with variety of mental health problems. I
offer compassionate, approachable and personalized counseling services. My style
is compassionate, nonjudgmental, and caring. Please visit my website to learn
more about my practice at www.veraakulov.com. I am a preferred provider with
most insurance companies. Schedule your first appointment online! I would
appreciate reviews from anyone who has worked with me before in the mental
health setting. 

Fantastic for kids If you have children or are just a real animal lover yourself
you'll love this zoo. It's only $10 and in essence just one big petting zoo.
They sell feed and milk bottles at the front and I recommend you buy lots. We
took our 7 month old and she laughed and giggled when (very harshly I might add)
grabbing and 'kissed' the goats and lambs. The animals were all very sweet and
patient with her. Among the animals that were available to touch were pony's,
camels and EVEN AN OSTRICH!!! Wonderful, inexpensive and lots of fun! 

WOW!!! I can't say enough good things about Karla and the wonderful things she
has done for me and my dog Gracee. Gracee is more excited to see her than she is
to see me!!!! She has always been there for Gracee even for last minute calls!
She has taken care of my sweet girl for almost 4 years now and I would not let
Gracee go with anyone besides her!!! She is caring, punctual, and very
enthusiastic about her job! You should give her a try - it's worth every penny
to know that you pet is in GREAT hands with Wunderbar pet sitting!!!! 

Worst Service I've Ever Experienced I wish there was something good to say about
the business, but unfortunately, there isn't. 1) Service and manners were
nonexistent. 2) The employees constantly talk down to customers and are very
argumentative for the sake of being argumentative. (to both myself and
customers) 3) I have never experienced so much rudeness coming from a business.
4) The business is very unorganized. The invoice is not detailed, so it is
difficult to see what you are paying for. I'd recommend to save your time and
energy and find another greek store. 

Exile is the best!!! Exile is the longest lasting and most authentic punk store
in Richmond! I have been shopping there for over six years now. The staff is
incredibly friendly and helpful and the owner, Mimmy, is an absolute angel. The
mark up is minimal considering that the clothing is hard to find and often
shipped for Europe. In addition, the clothing is of much better quality than the
clothing from hot topic, which is made as cheaply as possible by people living
in horrible conditions in Asia. Exile is environmentally conscious and involved
heavily in our community. Shop local at Exile!! 

Over-rated Buddakan inevitably attracts the majority of its guests simply
because of its association with Steven Starr, but that doesn't impress me. The
atmosphere alone deserves 4 stars but, the food was not up to par with the price
tag and the reputation the restaurant carries. The server we had was
knowledgeable but he was not as proper as he should have been, acting like he
was talking to his friends rather than his customers. The angry lobster was
completely over-priced! $80 for a dish that has about one small lobster tail and
is full of filler vegetables! I wouldn't go there again. 

Alto delivers on all levels. From the moment you enter the restaurant, you know
you are some place special. The service is impeccable, and the food is even
better. I highly recommend the four-course tasting menu, which gives you plenty
of range and food to satisfy your appetite. Also, if you are into wine, Alto has
the depth of both region, varietal, and vintage to satisfy nearly any sommelier
(or after 9pm, bring your own bottle for free...no corking fee!). While it's not
cheap, Alto will give you an experience you'll never forget. 

The landlord is not nice nor helpful I have lived in Buckingham Condominiums
townhouse for 2 years. I love the location and the apartment!! I'ma single
female and I feel safe coming home at night. The maintenance people are
AWESOME!!!! And the exterminator is very nice, also. Yes, you still have a few
bugs, but that's going to be anywhere you go! The only problem that I have
experienced is the landlord. She is a pure b****!!! I know that's ugly...but she
won't help you out for anything...sad story. Other than that, I would recommend
living here. :) 

The staff leaves a lot to be desired. The front staff has seen quite a bit of
turnover and changed from professional to rude. A simple follow-up phone call
with a woman quickly turned into a nightmare. She may be the reason for all the
change. I sincerely wonder if the doctor has a clue about what is going on
within his practice. If he does know and approves of this behavior then it is a
poor reflection on him. Sometimes it is not worth it to go through that kind of
staff and their personal attitude to get to a doctor. He was an okay doctor but
not worth her. 

WWW-Wonderful Wild Wildernest inn I would give the Wildernest inn ten stars of
five! Atop Spring Mountain, from the decks of the West porch, "one can see
forever" a scene of unparalleled beauty and grandeur. I saw deer frequently, in
fact a small herd were grazing near the lodge. There were occasional bears on
the deck in the morning. and most correctly, us visitors did not mingle with the
native wildlife. It would have been more than one could bear! Kathy and Stewart,
the proprietors were the epitome of perfection. Delightful, hospitable,
superb,cozy and comfortable. I hope to be back! 

junkie lube?! really weird place, I was driving home from work thought I'd stop
in for an oil change and well, there are a few guys in jiffy lube uniforms
sitting at the table drinking beers and shooting the breeze. The neon lighting
sign still said "on" yet some guy who seemed to be the oldest of the bunch, more
like the drunkest of the bunch told me they'd be open tomorrow. I asked if a
manager was on duty he told me he was.WOW! grey shirt "mark" of course with this
type behavior he could have been wearing someonelses clothing..... 

A friend and I recently took our 16 and 18 month olds here. While there wasn't
too much available for their age (ball pit, bouncy area and a little padded
pyramid to climb on), we went right when they opened at 10 am on a winter
weekday and ended up being the only ones there, so we were given a little more
liberty than we would have if others had been there. It's not the classiest
place, but it was cleaner than I expected and the staff was very friendly. For
$4 it was a nice break from the monotony of winter indoors with a toddler. 

Restored my faith in Mechaincs. I spent 3 months going from shop to shop trying
to get my Ferrari to run and drive the way it should. I was about to give up
when I met Jason and Neal. They took on the challenge of making my Ferrari all I
dreamed of and more. The crew at The Creative Workshop went over and above the
call of duty and gave me back a car I can drive anywhere and finally enjoy
owning. I cannot say enough about this place. They have restored my faith in
Mechanics. Do yourself a favor, call these guys first and enjoy driving your car
again.. 

a great vacation! We wanted to see the sun - and we also got much more!
Excellent chefs are in the kitchen preparing memorable breakfasts. After a train
ride over the mountains, we enjoyed hiking in the flower-filled Wenatchee hills
(in May) and a very interesting bike ride in a loop around the Columbia
River...and then wine if we wanted it on the patio in the evening.... This is a
busy group of hosts they are also running a restaurant, which also must be
wonderful - so just ask for what you need, and I'm sure they will do their best
to be hospitable. 

OMG OMG.. make sure to book a reservation, as this magical place is packed (in a
nice way) I love that the owner walks around and cares how his customers feel
about their food. The waiters are like no other...My waiter was so excellent I
gave him a 75% tip, and it was worht every penny.. The food was finger licking
the bowel fantastic.. I just discovered her has a place right near my work (
Color me Phat) If you are looking for a romatic place with the best food and
service in the valley Giovanni Ristorante should be your number 1 + 2 choice. 

Holly is truely the best hairstylist! I have lived in the UTC La Jolla area for
many years, and I never new this salon was here until a friend reffered me to
see Holly here. I was very pleased with my experience here. All of the people
were friendly and welcoming. I got highlights, haircut, and a blowdry. She did a
great job! Holly is very experienced and talented, and I could tell she new what
she was doing right off the bat. My hair looks amazing, and I get compliments
all the time. I deffenitly reccomend this salon and Holly to anyone. You will
not be disappointed!!!!!! 

Outdated but not bad So I really felt like this place was extremely outdated
especially since the pictures make it look nice and modern. It had listed that
there was a hot breakfast but all this meant is that they added a waffle maker
to the common continental affair at most cheap hotels. The family suite was
basically two rooms with a small opening between them which worked great for us
because we were two families traveling together. If you are in town and need
that kind of space I say stay here but if you are looking for a little more
upscale affair don't let the pictures fool you and book somewhere else. 

Great, and probably the only West Indian spot worth hitting up in Nashville. I
was born and raised in Toronto, which has a huge West Indian (Trinidadian,
Jamaican, etc) population. So huge in fact, that Toronto slang is influenced by
and has Jamaican references, and Jamaican beef patties are staples in my high
school cafeteria. Anyway, I was practically raised on this stuff, and being a
connoisseur of West Indian cuisine, Jamaica Way is a bit toned down to suit the
American palette. All you have to do to make it authentic Jamaican food, is add
a whole lot of pepper. Alot. 

The finest Christmas Trees i've ever seen. I felt like I was in heaven when I
walked through the majestic fields of this particular farm. The trees were in
magnificent shape and the variety was astounding. The owners were entertaining
and gracious. I especially liked the Eco friendly atmosphere and the owners love
of all animals. This is one of the best farms I have ever been too. I would call
it the Taj Mahal of the east coast! It put hair on my chest and thanks to the
owners advice I invested vanguard, got myself a woman like Jerry, and became a
republican. Thanks Tussey Mountain Tree Plantation! 

Pho-nomenal!! I have been eating Pho for almost my entire life and I've always
gone to the Pho places in south philly and off the boulevard and even the other
one in chinatown, but when i tried this pho place, it blew the other pho houses
away!! all of the pho places taste the same to me, so what seperates one from
the other is the service and the price. The service here is incredible compared
to the other places. the only down fall of this pho house is the difficulty in
finding parking in chinatown. remember to bring cash since they don't take debit
or credit. hope this helps!!

Had a horrible experience with a manager here, Rachel McInnis, she was rude,
inconsiderate and did not do the right thing for an item that was marked
incorrectly... I'm not interested in shopping in a place with people like her...
she refused to sell me the item at its marked price even after admitting they
had made a mistake. I normally don't write reviews but seeing that I considered
Dillards a distinguished, upscale place to shop, this one won't be getting my
business, nor my family's, nor my co-workers. It's never ok to let a customer
walk out unhappy, especially when they are right. 

Highly Recommend I work as a Transformational Life Coach. Since this is an
alternative therapy I always refer clients to a lisenced therapist when I feel
that is appropriate. I found her through a colleague one day when one of my
clients was in the midst of a panic attack and needed professional help that I
am not qualified to provide. Little did I know that I would soon be needing her
help as well! She guided me through a very difficult period dealing with a
family member's suicide, coupled with elder abuse. I found her to be extremely
solid, kind, compassionate, and intuitive as well. I would recommend her highly!

They won't have a second chance from me. First, let me state that although I
live in NYC, I am not from NYC, I don't care about baseball and I absolutely
love Boston to death (so beautiful, so clean, so awesome). That said, I hated
this restaurant. The service was just about as good as I'd get in NYC (that
means it was poor) and the food was almost mediocre. The decor left a lot to be
desired and the posters telling me all the reasons 99 was great just served as
an ironic contrast against the reality. Personally I recommend you take your
money elsewhere 

When I arrived at Brickell Honda on 6/4/11, I was greeted and attended to by the
Sales Manager, Gustavo Guerra, in a very friendly and professional manner. I
explained to him what I wanted and that I previously went to Braman Honda.
Bramen Honda was a bit of a hassle. He told me "no problem, we will match the
offer or do better." Mr. Guerra gave me a better deal without any hassles nor
any type of problems. Brickell Honda has been the best buying experience in the
world. I urge all St. Thomas the Apostle parishioners and all of South Florida
residents to come see Gus!!! Excellent customer service!!! 

Great, Honest Service I took my 2001 Nissan Frontier in to fix a cracked
manifold. The dealer wanted $1300 to fix that and another $1500 to fix some
other things. Eagle Transmission determined that much of the work the dealer
said needed to be done was unneccesary and what needed to be fixed was only
$400!! I was so impressed with the honesty and integrity of Mike and everyone at
Eagle Transmission! I dropped the truck off in the morning and it was ready that
afternoon. I have finally found a mechanic I trust!! And it was great that they
did not charge a service fee to diagnose the problem - an added bonus!! 

Dr. Shady Kelly hit the nail on the head. "Dr. Shady" is a jerk. After the way
she spoke to me on my last visit, I will not be returning!! Good luck keeping
business with that stuck up attitude Dr. Shady. You have just lost mine. The
next time you feel like being condescending to someone, it is not going to be
me!!!!!! Dr. Shady is inexperienced and prideful. She probably does not even
have 10% of the knowledge that some of the other EXPERIENCED vets do in this
area. I will be carefully researching vets before I take my dog someplace else.
Beautifully written reviews Doctor, but completely UNTRUE. 

Poor Experience I did not have a good experience w/ Dr. Ghassemlou. During the
session, he demanded to have my physical address, which I've always kept private
as I am enrolled in a witness protection program. I believe he is correct in
that he needs my physical address for legal reasons, however, he did not
adequately explain this during our session. I learned more about this doing my
own research afterward. I think he could've done more to assuage my concerns by
giving me concrete facts. Saying that I need to give him my address or else I
have intimacy issues is not helpful. It's pretty combative actually. 

you'll love it I have had my back fused in 2 places. I wish that I hadn't done
this. With these fusions, chiropractric isn't as successful, but it still is
very helpful. Even after my fusions, my back continued to hurt, but now it
doesn't hurt any more. I would encourage anyone who is thinking of back surgery,
to talk about different treatment options first with Dr. de Barros. He really
knows what he is talking about and will approach the different options fairly.
You can see different treatments that a surgeon can't see, so that you can have
several treatment options before you decide what to do. 

Unbelievably huge experience for such a small salon!!! I have been to Kim at
Cheveux for more than five years. I cannot tell you how often I am complimented
on my hair (style AND color)! I regularly request Kim's business cards as I am
often stopped on the street and asked "Who does your hair...I LOVE it!!!"
Quaint, lovely, small salon with BIG personality. I am made to feel special when
I am in the chair and I have NEVER had a less than amazing cut or color
experience. My hair has never felt this healthy, either. I cannot recommend this
salon enough!!! Thanks Cheveux! 

My Favorite in McLean My family loves coming to Endo Sushi.They are very nice,
it is never crowded, and the food is wonderful, very delicious and fresh!
Sometimes it is hard to get parking in the lot in front of the storefront, and
it is on a one-way street, but the restaurant itself is NEVER overcrowded. If
you cannot park in the lot, then you can park in the shopping center's garage,
and walk up to Endo Sushi. The service is fast. Be sure to ring the little bell
on your way out if you enjoyed your meal! (it's by the door, on the hostess
stand) 

Horrible Service! I got yelled at, literally yelled at because i asked if i
could pick up my car 5-10 minutes late. I explained that i was already on my way
and i would rush to get there as soon as i could because i needed my car for
work at 5am, but the guy was arguing with me saying he was gonna lock the doors
right at 5:30. Rude, unprofessional, just jerks. Seems like all they care about
is the money and getting home on time, NO care for the customers AT ALL!!!
Missed a whole day of work because i am now carless. I will NEEEEEEEEEVERRRR go
to this place again. 

Superb Arrangements I used Fancy Flowers for my late husband's funeral flowers
as they had been recommended to me. I am so glad that I called in to see Ana,
she is a lovely girl who showed nothing but care and compassion towards me. The
flowers were all that I hoped they would be, I have attended several funerals of
late unfortunately and the flowers I recieved from Ana outshone them all. She is
so talented, the flowers were arranged superbly and delicately, it is so obvious
to see the difference between someone fully trained and skilled compared to
others. Thank you Ana I hope to see you in the future under better
circumstances. 

Great first experience. I'm 22, and my hairdresser was great (and not "old" like
one of the reviews says) - she really listened to what I wanted and gave me tons
of tips on how to style my hair so I could get it to look the way I wanted it
to. She deep conditioned my hair and took the time to style it properly. She
recommended products but absolutely didn't pressure me to buy. It's a cute place
with a really friendly, laid-back atmosphere. I would highly recommend it and
will be going back for my next haircut. Oh! And students get $5 off, can't argue
with that. 

Smokers Haven Yeah, this complex is not very good. Our bathroom fan, one
electric outlet and 2 leaky sinks have yet to be fixed. Both bathrooms look like
they were flooded and the wood cabinets are thrashed at the bottom and they
slapped some pieces of wood over to try to cover it up. And non-smokers
beware!!! I think 90 percent of the tenants are smokers! If you do not smoke, do
not move here. Our unit reeks of old cigarette smoke and it started to become
apparent a few weeks after we moved in. You cannot walk 5 feet without smelling
that disgusting cigarette smoke and it blows right into the windows all day and
all night. 

Great Sanwiches, Great Prices I used to go here almost everyday since I work in
the neighbourhood and loved their turkey and meatball sandwiches. Chicken salad
salad is great too. Best of all, the staff is quick on their feet and even with
long lines, usually serve you in 5 minutes or less. For the quality, the prices
($4-$6) have to be the best in town. The staff get to know regulars and do their
job very well. Tourists like the other reviewer might not appreciate their
efficiency or quality, but I certainly do. This isn'ta TGIF or Cafe, its a lunch
sandwich place and a good one at that. 

Rate a church? Might as well just hotpot the curb and rate the traffic light.
It's a bloody church, for chrisssake! Big, grey and imposing. Go there on
christian holidays for a bit of churchy grandure. The pastor at this church is
cool, I met him after some holiday service. He had a robe that was made back in
the '60s. God was pleased with that one! It's historical for Sf, so when your
aunte comes for a visit, take her there. Great for the kiddies - they love the
labyrinth (don't forget to tell 'em its really a 'pagen' thing!). Stop by at
least once or you'll go to heck! 

ok but just becuse we where on a tight budget. me and my dad where in NJ for a
kc chiefs(my home team)vs the NY jets and for game 4 of the world series.i'ma
red sox fan so i was glad that the phillies won.the knights inn was small very
small.i mean 1 room in every room!it was cozy a little and a small tv.i mean a 2
day stay was a ok stay even tho the manager looked like he was chineze and that
we only slept and went out from 8 to 7 to see New York.but sice we almost just
slept there i cant give that good of a review 

It was a Saturday and my spring was broken... I googled Garage Door Repair in
Woodinville and found NDI - Johnette answered the phone and was oh-so pleasant
and helpful! She sort of appologized for Dan taking the day off to go skiing -
but he could do the repair on Sunday! I said great and Dan arrived on time at
10am to make the repair. I enjoyed speaking with Dan, and learning more about
how the springs are sized for these doors. The repair went quickly and the price
was extremely fair. I would highly recommend NDI - and will spread the word to
my neighbors. Thanks Dan and Johnette for your responsiveness and professional
service. Roger M., Woodinville 

I wouldn't send my dogs there. I had a conversation with the woman running this
place in April 2010. She basically said if the children getting off the bus
aren't paying to enter her building she was going to let them wander around the
streets. Wow, really? With all the child predators out there, a busy road, cars
speeding by...... and you are going to let some 4/5 year olds wonder around
cause you're money hungry? REAL CHRISTIAN OF YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Whether they
pay me or not, if their parents get into an accident, stuck in traffic, etc. THE
LAST THING I WOULD DO IS LET A CHILD GET RAPED BECAUSE I WASN'T PAID. 

Excellent service I could easily go to Nordstrom for my designer jeans and pay
the same price, but I go to the Garment District for their service. Previous
reviewers said they were pushy and I can understand that, but I find the staff
more helpful than anything else. Tiffany is fabulous! I came in for alterations
(free, by the way) and told her about a stain I had on my new leather purse. She
immediately went to the back, brought out leather cleaner and cleaned my purse
on the spot. I didn't even buy the bag there! Huge selection and, great
suggestions from the staff and they refer you to reliable places if they don't
have what you need. 

We were expecting a great experience, when we recieved a friendly greeting by
the hosts. The atmosphere was nice and very clean. The menu had plenty of
options even for picky eaters. The service was ok, our waitress kept forgetting
our drinks even though we reminded her several times. To start we tried the
guacamole and salsa verde, it was completly flavorless. We should have left
then. We orderd our meals anyway, chimichangas,jalapeno borritos, and
quesadillas. Everything was bland, completely void of any spice or flavor. We
have never had mexican food this bad, it was just simply gross. Hopefully they
spice things up or they wont be in business long. I recommend La Hacienda 

Might try again Pros: * Jill, the owner, is very nice and really cares about her
feedback * Pretty nice atmosphere * Great Dessert * Not your typical veggie
selection, I like! Don't know where else you can find Purple Hull Peas and some
of the other sides. Cons: * Server wasn't very pleasant * Pretty small portion
on the blackened catfish * Overcooked food * Time, took about 25 minutes from
ordering to eating. Half the tables and bar were empty by this point. Other
Thoughts: Will try this place again. There must be a reason so many people like
it there. Their Club sandwich looks tasty, maybe that'll change my mind.... and
a different server. 

very professional / very helpful the people at Fidelity Leasing were very
friendly and helpful. i was looking for a car but did not really know what i
wanted and they were very helpful and took the time to first figure out what my
needs were and showing me various options to meet those needs. they seemed more
interested in helping me find the right car rather then just make a sale. my
experience with them was great - low stress, very helpful and very personal.
after finding the car i wanted they took the time to go over each step and
making it as painless as possible. from start to finish they were top notch. i
would highly recommend calling these people up for your next car. 

This insurance co. Is a joke !!! They have absolutely no communication skills
whatsoever . if you don't mind being robbed ,cheated or lied to then this is the
company for you . They will make every attempt to misinform and misrepresent
themselves . They make up excuses in hopes to confuse their policy holders with
misinformation . as an example they took payment for 5 out of 6 monthly plan
premiums for a yearly policy and cancelled the contract for the remainder of the
policy for reasons they stated was not receiving information on other licensed
drivers in the household ? I personally provided the request on four separate
occasions and they claim there is a glitch in their systems ? Ifa is an acronym
for Im a F%#king Assh@%$e !!! 

Fantastic Service! I have been here a few times for oil changes and just got my
tires, alignment and state inspection done yesterday. I shopped it around and
they were extremely competitive in pricing and also added nitrogen to my tires
which should extend the life and get me better gas mileage. It also came with
free balance and rotation for the life of the tires! What made it perfect was
that they offered transportation so that I would not have to wait there or take
time off of work to go back and forth or try to find a ride. Great service,
great pricing and SUPER CONVENIENT! I also did not feel like they tried to sell
me a bunch of services that I did not need. 

Love my home at Creekside I moved to Creekside Apartments in August 2008 with a
6-month lease and have just extended it for another 13 months! The management
from Julie and Janice to the work staff, esp. Edwin, are just wonderful. They
have been extremely helpful whenever I have asked for help. Although the
apartments are facing Stokes Street and close to the Bascom Light Rail, the
location is surprisingly quiet. I have never had any problems with loud
neighbors or concerns about safety. The apartments are within walking distance
to Trader Joe's, Whole Foods, and other stores. The well-equipped, clean gym is
a plus! Great place to live if you work in and around downtown San Jose! 

I interviewed several contractors for a kitchen remodel. Liberty construction
shows up and it's two guys...all I get is 100% sales pitch "We're the
best...we're number 50 so we must be doing something right...look at all these
certificates that say we're great". Not once did I feel listened to like they
actually cared about what I wanted, all they were interested in was me signing a
contract right then and there. Very high pressured sales and with the reviews of
many others bad service. I'm glad I trusted my gut and didn't get sucked into
doing business with them. Find someone you trust that actually hears you and
wants to do the job right. 

Don't waste your time or money! I took my 3 year old son here at the weekend and
to be honest, apart from the shark walkway, I thought it was rubbish and
overpriced. Even taking into account the fact that my 3 year old wanted to run
most of the way round, it took us just over one hour start to finish. If you
have been to the London Aquarium I would not even bother with this. If you are
really desperate for something to pass the time and are willing to shell out the
best part of £30 for 2 two people then go for it. (For some reason itwill not
let me rate it one star - it is not rated 5 by me!) 

Cranmore Dental and Implant Clinic : I could not recommend Dr David Nelson
enough. I had a severe phobia of attending the dentist until I met and was
treated by Dr Nelson. He instantaneously put me at ease and his ongoing
treatments have been absolutely pain free. My previous apprehension has been
dismissed and I no longer have a sinking feeling when my next appointment is
due! In addition to the core treatment, Dr Nelson has impressed me further with
his concern and interest in the well-being of his patients – his dental work
underpinned by a strong duty of care to every patient. He is always prepared to
go the extra mile to ensure that any patient discomfort is dealt with
immediately – Pam Gillies 

Best Salsa (hehehe) After my trees were cleaned up, they gave me a jar of salsa.
The owner warned me that it was the best salsa I would ever had, and he was
right. No joke! I hate to say check them out just for the salsa, but James, I
NEED another jar badly :) All kidding aside, they are a very good company, I
have a hard time giving any service biz a 5 star review but they came close.
Very affordable (don't call it cheap) and their trimmers were quick and
courteous when I got home from work. And the salsa, be sure to ask for a jar and
have plenty of chips around, you will need them..... 

Dr. Mann killed our pet Yea, Dr. Mann ain't so great. We took our beloved kitty
to him and it came back dead. We live in the sub-division around the corner and
after it happened and we brought it up at some neighborhood gatherings we
discovered that several people from this neighborhood alone had pets goto Dr.
Mann for surgical procedures and came back dead. If you take him here for shots,
no big deal but I would never let this man apply anesthetic to my pet ever
again. Oh, they also charged me for the procedure ($250) AND had the audacity to
charge me a $25 'DISPOSAL' fee. They actually itemized it as a DISPOSAL fee.
AVOID AT ALL COSTS. 

One of the worst places This place and its sister store Peking Garden are the
worst places to order from. the food was horrible not cooked like it should be,
they got the order wrong on a number of occasions, and once forgot about my
order. i had to call back up there two hours later and the lady (who claimed to
be a manager) said my food was on the way, and she didnt offer to compensate me
in any kind of way. i waited another 30 mins before receiving my food and it was
cold. in my opinon this place should be shut down by the health inspector, and
anyone who is satisfied with there service and food has never eaten at a real
asian restaurant. 

Gone downhill since change in ownership Sigh. I used to LOVE this place. But now
that they are part of a chain, service has slipped. I am waiting longer at BNA
for my pickups and last time I parked with them, they lost my car key. Lucky I
had a spare with me! To date they have not made good by either finding the key
or paying for a new one. (These new car keys are EXPENSIVE to copy, you can't
just go to WalMart.) Go to the website for coupons and join the club -you can
get free parking. However, with BNA offering one day of free parking due to
construction of the new rental car facility, it may be cheaper to park at BNA. 

Wife and I attempted to adopt a dog and was nothing but frustrating. We arrived
Sunday at about 230 and found a do we really liked. We were told that we
couldn't today because they were closing soon. I called the next morning to let
then know my wife would be driving in. They gave me the run around and missing
paperwork only to call back to tell me someone else wanted her and I would need
to come in and put down a deposit. I work 2 hours away but offered my card over
the phone. They refused. Terrible communication as well. At one point they told
me the dog had been fixed, the next day it hadn't. Huge ammount of time wasted
time and elevated blood pressure. 

College is a Joke and the Salon is a JOKE! Went to the school here OVER
PRICED!!!!!! You do NOT learn the things you were promised. You have to bring in
your own models and they have to pay for you to use them if you dont then you
can graduate! Going back after graduating your told you get a discount on
services nope you dont. Staff is under educated. Going there you learn the
school does not care about the services given just about the money. Over priced
for students to learn! Beware of the nail program you are not taught to use a
nail drill AT ALL you learn the old fashioned way of doing nails you will not be
able to do well in a salon!!! BEWARE! 

You can fool people This store is proof that you can fool people with good
advertising. They convince lots of people that they are a great store, when in
fact they are a very average place at best, they are just another big box store
like the others. They offer sales that aren't really sales, mislabeled items
that make the item sound like a good deal when it isn't, a bad attitude about
return items, and on and on. With higher than average prices to boot! So don't
get taken in, keep your eyes open if you choose to shop here. On the other hand,
the Richmond Ukrops chain is known for its charity work, its community action,
and its interest in the public welfare. 

Never again Don't go here unless you want to sit,order,eat and be asked to leave
all in a matter of 20 minutes. You won't even have time to read the entire menu
before being asked to order and if you ask for more time your server will wait
at the table. This is the only place I have ever eaten and been told to leave
because other people were waiting. I was told to take my coffee to go if I
wanted to finish it. Oh, and their liquor license was expired so no Bloody Mary
or Mimosas. Plus the drinks are self service, have fun trying to negotiate the
small cafeteria space to get your coffee, juice or water. Go next door to the
Ball Square Cafe instead. 

I guess you get what you pay for. I tried to stay here for a few nights with my
girlfriend, so we asked for a single queen bed. We got there, and we were
treated to the free "upgrade" of a room with two double beds. Since they
consider this an upgrade, they let their other rooms fill up and would not
change our room. Then we got put in a room with a huge gap under the
door....right next to the ice machine. We could hear every single thing that
happened outside like it was inside our room. When I finally found someone at
the desk who could speak English, they moved our room, but we still did not
receive the single queen we had "reserved" 

I was thoroughly impressed! I had a problem with the tile in my bathroom coming
apart. I called a few different businesses in the area to get estimates , they
weren't the cheapest I found but very reasonable. The best part is I got my
whole bathroom remodeled for about the same price the other company's were
quoting just to fix the shower tile and fixtures. They had the work done in
about half the time quoted which made me and my wife extremely happy. We have
had nothing but compliments on our bathroom when guest come over- who would have
guessed that one? Very nice work and friendly guys too. Best money I've spent on
remodeling ever. I highly recommend any one considering home repair to give
these guys a call. 

New training Centre is excellent The Award Dance Centre has moved from its
Holderness Road site to a new complex on Chamberlain Road Hull. The new Centre
has 4 studios planned and now boasts the largest single dance floor area in
Kingston upon Hull. The classes cover all age and skill ranges, with BALLROOM,
LATIN, SEQUENCE, STREET, DISCO, LINE DANCING, BALLET, TAP & JAZZ. We have
attended A Ward Dance Centre for over a year and really enjoy the friendly and
welcoming way we are taught Ballroom and Latin as well as the fun filled social
dance evening held every Saturday evening.... It is not really possible to score
this school too highly, We would give it 12 out of 10 and 5 Stars across the
board Steve & Anne 

I purchased a 2-year old certified pre-owned BMW from this dealership. The night
I drove back home, I found that the rear window has some leakage. (You can hear
the wind while driving on highway. Very likely it needs a new window seal). I
admit that I should have paid attention to this kind of little things while test
drive. (But this is a certified car from a dealer.) So I brought the car back
the second day. They told me that this is not under warranty and want to charge
me $175 just to diagnose the problem! Who knows how much they want me to pay to
fix this thing. I walked away. So my advice is that NEVER TRUST THIS DEALER.
STAY AWAY AS FAR AS POSSIBLE. 

Perfect Practice After I had chosen The Fountain Dental Practice they provided a
slick and professional service from start to finish. Everyone was friendly from
the receptionist to the surgeon herself, putting me at my ease and explaining
the whole process, both initially and then as we went along. Surgery visit
timings were always made to suit me and not them and they gave me the feeling
that I mattered and was important to them. The surgery itself is slick, modern
and very relaxed and I always felt that I was in capable hands. My dental
surgeon, Dr. Lucy Nichols is clearly a dental perfectionist and clearly proud
both of the work she does and the reputation she has established. Everyone was
so helpful that I cannot wait to go back ..... Peter 

Wonderful service for large group I had my wedding luncheon at this BJs
restaurant, and it was one of the best choices that I made. It was a great
deal--we paid a certain amount per person, and my husband and I chose 4 types of
pizza and the servers brought out as much as we wanted. We were also served
salad and soda. We had a large party, about fifty people or so, and yet
everything was served quickly and we all had a wonderful time. Even though we
were only supposed to have those specific types of pizza, when guests asked for
a different type, it was brought out with no charge to us! I really appreciate
BJs for making that special day even better with their wonderful food and
service. 

wonderful I went to ohm after reading some of the reviews. I go to school in the
area and usually wait until I go home to get my hair cut. I decided it was time
to grow up and made an appointment. Sierra was my stylist and i love what she
did. I have wavy hair and she cut to my hair style. It was the first time i had
left a salon with my hair curly. Usually they blow dry it out and i have to wait
until i wash it to see what it will look like in its natural state. But she did
a fabulous job letting me know what she was doing at all times and styled my
hair in a way i could do it at home. It wasn't completly impossible!!!! I am
definitely going back 

After recently relocating to South Bend, we were looking for a delicious, fun,
yet elegant establishment for New Years Eve dinner. We were disappointed with
this holiday dinner due to the overall flavor and price of the meal, and
accessibility to the Jazz Club. The meal was extremely overpriced and lacked
flavor, especially for being a special NYE menu. The limited menu had few
appetizing options and the NYE special packages were way overpriced. After our
meal, our server found us a table in the jazz club where we were informed it
would be another $10/person to stay and listen to the band, despite the fact we
had just finished a dinner there and were intending to enjoy their drink list.
This was a less than impressive experience at Trio's. 

Run for the hills ... you'll be much better off! One night was too much. First
room had used tissues next to the bed and I requested it be rectified. I was
then moved to another room around the back where the room was dirty, the shower
was dirty with other peoples hair in it, the toilet seat was peeling and rough
and the bathroom was full of mould. I called reception to ask if they knew the
state the room was in and was told "This is a Days Inn, not the Hilton" and the
receptionist then hung up on me. To warn you to stay away from this place just
isn't enough. There was not one ounce of caring involved and anyone I can warn
about the complete lack of service will be warned. 

Grocery and Daily Needs Store Before using FusionRetail Before installing
FusionRetail store was running on a dos based software. We were having a major
problem in maintaining cash. Being a grocery shop, maintaining 5000 different
products was a challenging job. Managing POS counter without barcoding was
really a tough time. How FusionRetail has overcome these issues ? FusionRetail
helps us to maintain the store in an organised way. Usage of product barcodes
and smooth maintenance of inventory with proper recording of transactions like
sale, purchase and returns was never easy before. How long does it take to train
new people at work ? Billing takes 15 minutes and backoffice jobs takes 1 day's
training How fast your support queries get answered ? Over telephone, immediate.
On call, it takes a day to get our issues resolved. 

Can't wait to go back!!! This is by far the BEST B&B that we have ever stayed
at! We were in Santa Fe for a special event and our hosts rented out the El
Paradero for all their guests to stay at. We could not have been more welcomed,
more comfortable or more well fed. The weekend was perfect in every way, in
large part to Sue and her great staff. Everyone was so friendly and really went
out of their way to make sure everything went well. We can not wait to go back
to Santa Fe and to this great B&B...especially my 4 year old, who made friends
with Ms. Sue and all the ladies, and has talked about them since we left! We
would highly recommend the El Paradero on your next trip to Santa Fe! 

Disatisfied customer, I went through Kitchen Aid and used one of their
recommended vendors. A&E came out, charged $129 fee just to walk in the door. I
needed a part for my appliance, the cost was very high so I said never mind,
paid the fee and called a local business for a second quote. The second vendor
charged $55 (less than half of what A&E charges) to come and applied that to the
price of the repair service (which A&E does not). Their quote came in at half
the price of A&E for the same work and same part. Seems to me like A&E charges
way more than necessary! Very disappointed in Kitchen Aid as well, I thought
that they pre-screened their vendors for price and quality of work, obviously
they do not! 

Lovely Nails on Cayuga St. in Lewiston, NY First let me start out by saying,
that I have had very nice pedicures at Lovely Nails on Military Road. I was very
excited that a salon was opening in Lewiston, as I live in Youngstown. I was in
two weeks ago and had the worst pedicure that I have had in my life. There were
four of us and I was taken first by a gentleman. I put my foot in the water and
it was cool. He did warm it up. He also hurt my toes will pushing my cuticles
back. If the pedicure lasted 20 mins., that was a stretch. The other ladies had
a similar experience, both had nail polish on a couple of toes. None of us will
be using their services again, which is a shame. 

Good Service - Limited Results Andrew was helpful and knowledgeable about
acupuncture re: infertility. He was willing to talk to me about my specific
issues and develop a plan of action. The office is shared with a foot doctor and
it's very sterile and medical feeling, which I liked. The down side was that
sometimes there was a lot of noise in the hallway from other patients/doctors. I
worked with Andrew for 2 months and did acupuncture and herbs. The sessions were
nice and I felt relaxed after them but did not notice any changes with my
cycles. I know it can take awhile for results and didn't expect a miracle, but
after 2 months I felt like it was not entirely worth the cost/time. (I am also a
little suspicious of all these glowing reviews...) 

Friendly, clean and excellent location The staff was very helpful, and gave us
good advice on day and night time activities. Common room was comfortable and
clean, very good room to read or relax. – A great breakfast which was included
every morning until 9:30am; yummy fresh Parisian croissants. Comfortable and
clean beds, a bit noisy when people were coming in late from a night out, but we
didn't mind too much as we were also just coming in from a night out! The
location is really stellar! It is next to Gare du Nord and a five minute walk to
Sacre Coeur which is excellent for shopping. It is close to bus lines for Opera
Plaza, Galleries Lafayette , and the famous flea Market. We really enjoyed our
stay and would definitely stay at the Vintage Hostel again. 

Just Autos Thank you! Was fast and easy, Just had our car returned this morning,
I would recommend these Mobile Mechanics for sure. They certainly know what they
are doing. The mechanic came to our place and sorted out our cars problems, he
explained the problem and was very up front and honest, it was towed to the
workshop as the gearbox was not working (he explained it better). They phoned
the same day, confirmed it was the gearbox quoted me the job, I gave the go
ahead. Now my cars gears and brakes have never run so well... ever its like
driving a new car. So yes, I wouldn't hesitate in recommending the team at Just
Autos for easy professional car repairs,Thank you Just Autos for your help. 

I stopped in today @ Yards Brewery. I must say, I was impressed with the size of
the bar area and lounge, & I liked that you could see the brewery right thru the
glass! I had a sampler of IPA, Brawler, Love Stout & ESA. All were awesome, & I
had a Dogwood Grilled Cheese which was enjoyable with the fine beers. After my
sampler & sandwich, I asked for a pint of there Nitrogen Love Stout, I must say
I was impressed, with the great taste & I am a Guiness Lover so coming from me,
I think this is better, its less dry & smoother! If you are in Philly you have
to come check this place out! The only negative I have abou this place is the
parking! I left with a case of BRAWLER!!!!!

Oil Change Disaster My wife had taken her '07 Ford Fusion in for a routine oil
change. A couple days after the oil change, the engine ran rough, the low oil
pressure light would come on sporadically, and the engine would whir loudly.
Turns out the engine had no oil, and when oil was put it, it would just run out
of the filter. There could have (hopefully doesn't have) major damage to the
engine. All of this started after their oil change. Once they realized their
mistake they sent a mechanic and tow truck to my wife's work and towed it back
to fix it. I would not recommend this shop for anything, not even something as
simple as an oil change. Plus they will overcharge you for just about
everything, and smile while doing it. 

Liars, negative stars! Took my Cruze in twice for poor fuel economy. The first
time they claimed to get reasonable mpg. However, they would never drive the car
with me in it to prove their findings. I wonder if they were going down a hill!
They told me to bring it back after 5000 miles. I brought it back with 9000
miles. They "finished" the work and told me the car was ready. I found out they
did not even drive the car, stated they looked at it before. They still would
not drive the car with me to show their mpg number. They also claimed not to see
anything wrong with the blower fan (a seperate issue), but when I drove the car
home I had the same symptoms. I will never purchace another vehicle from Vic
Canever. 

Great Job I want to say that Mike did a great job for our family in our time of
need. Both my grandparents passed away 4 months apart and Mike was very
understanding. It was a very trying time for my family and myself yet Mike took
the time to greet each and everyone one of us. He is very professional in his
position as a director and yet he still made time to be compassionate for what
we were all going through. I'm sure its not everyday that a funeral director
sees the same family in such a short time. My grandfather passed away silently
in his sleep, and my grandmother passed away after a short struggle with cancer.
Both my grandparents looked as natural as could be expected. Thank you Mike for
all your help professionally and personally. The Peterson Family 

Poor service If you like the drama described in popular sitcom 'Seinfeld', you
will see it here. We signed our name in about 6:00pm. There were 3 names before
us. The greeter said there was about 15 minutes waiting. However, we waited and
waited and in the mean time, saw 4 groups of people simply just paraded in
without signing there names. This sign in policy is posted by the restaurant “no
reservation, sign your name here”. I had to ask the greeter, he explained his
reasons with broken English. I could not understand any his reasons. I could
only take it as they would seat the people they know first. My conclusion is
that you should only go there if you want to wait a least an hour and see all
kinds other people being seated before you. 

Instructor never showed up! January 15th -- We were signed up for Saturday's 2
PM class "Beginning Yoga with Brittany." We even arrived 10 minutes early as the
website suggests. The instructor did not show up! We waited until 2:25 PM and
then left. There were 2 in our group, and a 3rd person was also in the parking
lot waiting for this class. Well, not much I can say except I'm very
disappointed with this experience. This was our first visit to your studio. In
today's instant world, there's no reason for the instructor not to even have
given us a phone call or e-mail if she was going to be late. As a yoga studio,
I'm sure you're all aware that all actions generate karma … and sometimes karma
can manifest itself on a bad review on Google. 

Finest?? Really?? I beg to differ. This place is marginal at best. Not very
welcoming and focused mostly on keeping little kids entertained. I was not
impressed, and quite frustrated at their lack of rating for their courses. I
understand not wanting to put labels like 5.10 on an indoor course, because yes,
it is not the same, but some clear understanding of the difficulty of one course
to another is nice when you are an intermediate climber looking to improve. I
don't want to waste my time on routes set for children, but I don't want to take
on something I can't handle just to strain myself to exhaustion. Rate the
routes, with understandable markings and a more detailed system than easy,
moderate, and hard. Again, a great outing for the kids, a frustration for an out
of town climber. 

Best DJ's In Town! Wow! These guys were the best. They were thorough, high
class, and went above and beyond. We never had to worry about a thing, and they
led the way the whole time. They asked us things that we would have never have
thought of, and took extra time to meet with us when we needed it before the
wedding. Having a team was the best because they kept the flow of the wedding
going the whole time! They may look young but don't let that fool you, as their
knowledge of music far surpassed what we expected. I am a music junkie that grew
up in the 80's, and my dad worked for a record label in the 1960's. So we didn't
expect them to even know some of the requests that we asked that night. They
just really know their stuff! 

NEVER fear going to the dentist again! I'm 61 years old and have dental problems
my entire life. By the age of 24 I stopped going to the dentist. My fear and
discomfort from dental work scared me! It took all the courage I could muster to
make an appointment. At the front door of his office, I nearly turned around. I
considered just leaving after going inside and nearly did. Doctor Gonzales and
his entire staff are the most professional people I have ever dealt with. They
made me feel confident in what they would do, and treated me like a member of
their own family. I never felt pain or discomfort. The ability to smile and eat
again can only be described as a whole new lease on life. Thank you Doctor
Gonzales, Doctor Stout, Eva Marie and the entire staff! Rocky M. Lange Retired
Coordinator, Clark County School District 

HORRIBLE SERVICE AND FOOD not only is this place too expensive for what it is,
its horrible! In the past, I got a steak and there was more fat and rough pieces
than there was good steak (and this was the sirloin!), the sides were drenched
with butter and the salad was a little on the brown side. Today we went for a
party (during lunch, so the place was empty) with about 25 other people. It took
over 1.5 hours for our food to come out and by that time my 8 month old had it!
Does it seriously take that long for a soup and salad? I was a waitress for
years and a key rule is to serve customers with small children before others, as
I was the last to get my food. I would NOT recommend having a party here or even
going here. Texas Roadhouse is WAY better!! 

Spay and neuter service. I have no doubt that the rescue is wonderful. But I had
my cat spayed through their reduced/free spay and neuter program and the vet
they sent us to was first of all a hour and a half away, and 4 days later we had
to bring them to our normal vet because the vets at the place in wisconsin did a
crappy job and they got infections. My vet even said it was not my fault it was
the vet that did the surgery, So I would not recommend getting that program
unless you have an extra hundred dollars or so for antibiotics and a vet visit.
You'd think they would do a good job but they don't care unless they are getting
paid full price. Which is so dumb. Not to mention the fact that they gave us our
cats back not even 30 minutes after they were out from surgery. 

Billing Issues... I had a routine surgery for an ingrown toenail. My insurance
company, Blue Cross/Blue Shield paid the fees and everything was fine. Then I
got a bill for $483.00. The doctor's office said that payments had been
"reversed". Blue cross has no record of aa reversal. The office refused my
requests to see what they got from BC/BS. They eventually turned it over to a
collection agency and now will not even discuss the matter. I eventually decided
to just pay the balance even though the doctor has already been paid, but now
the collection agency is trying to say another reversal of $160.00 has come
through. It was an ingrown toenail. How much could it possibly cost? Not only am
I being bilked for money I do not owe, the office staff is rude to boot. I think
this office has some serious billing practice issues! 

We have been blessed to find Elite Flyers online and would not use anyone else
to handle our postcards, posters, etc. We were looking for a company with decent
rates as our company was just getting started. They have the best rates and
GREAT customer service. On one order, we needed it rushed and shipped to a
different state. They did that with no problem. I also appreciate their honesty.
I sent a graphic that would have been distorted if printed as it was. They
called and worked with me to fix it so that it would look perfect. They recently
surprised me a larger order. I ordered 1000 postcards, we normally order 5000 or
more. Because they had room to do 5000, they created the larger amount, and
shipped them early. I recommend this company to ANYONE and everyone that needs
great work done at a reasonable rate! They have a customer for life in us! 

sheisters i made the mistake of buying from these thieves.I paid 2k cash for a
truck with a blown motor.Their so called mechanic said the engine was good and
"There is nothing mechanicly wrong with this truck".Well I think a blown engine
falls under the catagory of mechanics right?Anyway they jimmy rigged it so i
could drive it home.The next day i took it to 2 auto shops and they both told me
the same thing,engine is junk.I called and got the same runaround on hold and
noone calls you back.From a moral standpoint,you guys are really gonna take
2,000 bucks from someone that needs that truck to work and support his family
when you know its just a piece of scrap metal?If it lasted 1 month i could suck
it up but 1 day?Grimy work you guys do.Buy your kids somethin nice with my 2k
bucks. 

Best Stationery store in Bethesda Papeluna, a cute Mom/Pop custom printing and
paper store, just opened a few days ago. It is right on the hustle and bustle of
Wisconsin Ave but some might miss it as it is nestled in between Subway
Sandwiches and Modell's. I popped in after my afternoon pumpkin spice latte
break at Starbucks. It's an adorable little store filled with lots of stationery
goodness. Cards, wrapping paper, paper, and an area to sit down and talk with
someone to design your own invitations or for whatever else your custom printing
needs may be. I gave the woman I spoke with today a "You've been yelped!" card
to let her know that Yelp may be a good tool for helping spreading the word
about Papeluna. I ended up buying a birthday card and would probably come back
for more. printing, printing, copies, printing, copies, printing, 

Watch out for your wallet Watch out for your wallet! This company is overpriced
for their services. They pride themselves on being an event and team building
company for corporate clients but you better believe they are going to mark you
up on that feel good premise. On a recent event quote that I had done, they came
in thousands of dollars over their local competition. The craziest part is that
they aren't even based locally at the city I'm in- they just have 'teams' in
areas through the country. I've spoken to vendors who are used by them who had
nothing good to say about the company as well and in fact were afraid to quote
events against them even though they openly admitted that they felt Canadian
Outback was pricing their entertainment out of the market and doing more to hurt
their business than help them. Be warned- they'll ltake you for everything they
can. 

Believe me. This is THE premier university in Virginia. It is also the largest.
With a Pizza Hut, IHOP, 3 Starbucks, Chilis, Panera, and Chipotle on campus
ALONE, VCU has some of the best eating options for students. VCU has the #1 art
school in America, and EXCELS in healthcare and medical schooling. The Rams, the
VCU sports team, also made the NCAA Final 4 this year, too! VCU also offers
high-rise living for students and professors, and the historic yet fixed-up
houses in the Fan are also available to students, professors, or even people
wanting to live in a safe, viable community. VCU is also minutes from Downtown
Richmond, Canal Walk, Carytown, Stony Point, Short Pump, and the VCU Medical
Center. It is the best university in Virginia and continuously receives rave
reviews every year. The U of R is also recommended, too!

Orr's a nightmare! DON'T GO! My boyfriend and I were woken up in the middle of
the night at our campsite by drunken kids who'd arrived around 1:00 am and were
drinking at the springs. When we complained to the management (as we were
instructed to do if there were any problems), nothing happened! Then, the next
morning, when we, among many other irate guests, asked to speak to the owner, he
refused to do so. Not only that, but he told us, via his manager, that it was
our responsibility to get up a second time in the middle of the night and call
the night staff if the problem continued, even though his manager did nothing
the first time to stop the kids. Orr is not relaxing, it's not a safe space, and
the owner is awful. To add insult to injury, he refused to refund our money.
Don't go! 

FHS is a good high school -- c/o 1998 I enjoyed my time at Franklin High School.
We had relatively good facilities at the time -- decent science labs, with
multiple hoods and access to good equipment; nice gymnasiums, and a well-funded
music department (I was in the guitar ensemble). Now, of course, there's a new
building, with presumably better facilities. All to the good. For those who
care, a good proportion of the my class went on to 4-year colleges, many of them
ranked in the top 50 of US News. If I remember, students went to Dartmouth,
U.Penn, Duke, BU, William and Mary, Vassar, Howard, and Carnegie Mellon, among
others. Many students went to Rutgers, including their top-ranked pharmacy
program. The point is -- FHS gives you the opportunity to make it to a good
college, but you need to work hard. 

Absolutely the best little motel on the coast! I've stayed at this fabulous
little motel two years running, and I have to say it's one of the best lodging
experiences I've ever had on the coast...and I'm even comparing it to the big
resorts I've stayed at! A large group of my friends and I rent almost the whole
motel every year for a weekend, and the experience and stay have always been
five-star. The rooms are SO clean, the managers/owners are the nicest people,
the place feels so homey, and the location and grounds are beautiful. There's a
restaurant nearby (walking distance) with a great breakfast, and a market across
the street. The motel is very well maintained, and the managers are so
accomodating, it's kind of like visiting family each year! ;-) I honestly can't
rave enough about this place...it's really a hidden gem worth checking out! 

My favorite cuban cafe in Orlando I have been eating Cuban for a long time,
sandwiches mainly along with other dishes..I love Cuban coffee, colada... mmmm
anyways I found this place and can't stop going there, I stop in at least once a
week and anytime I'm in the area for a Cuban coffee or snack. The place is chill
and comfortable. They don't speak the best English but enough to get by. They
bake bread fresh daily, they don't press their sandwiches which is the way I
like it, and the meat is always fresh. They have a great lunch special with your
choice of meat, chicken, steak, or pork and rice and black beans and fried
plantains. And their breakfast is awesome!! I cannot describe how delicious the
mango and cheese pastries and the omelets are to die for. Stop in and have a
bite you won't regret it. A slice of heaven in winter park off forsyth! 

highly recommended. I have been going to Warner Family for a number of years and
would highly recommend it to anyone. I've read some of the reviews below and
would like to state that yes, like any other doctors office there is sometimes a
wait (depending on what other patients are being seen for) and some of the tests
and procedures that are ran can be costly (just like they would be for any other
medical tests elsewhere if you do not have insurance)...I have seen several of
the providers from the office and have not once been shown anything but care and
consideration. I cant speak for them but any tests or appointments they
recommend are probably in the best interests of us (the patient) and you have
the ability to decline anything that they suggest to you. I personally have had
wonderful service and if youre truely looking for a FAMILY practice...Warner
Family is the place for you. 

Not what i expected! We read the good reviews before going and had high hopes..
but to our dismay it didnt turn out that way! ~It took over 40 mins to be taken
to our table, once there it took another 20 mins to get our orders and a further
45 mins till our starters landed on our table. Very frustrating for a restaurant
that has 1 rosette and is supposedly renowned for the service... hmm There was
no canape's or amuse to keep us occupied, once we complained about the wait they
took us something to nibble on but that took us getting out our chairs and
wondering round to do that and it was impossible to get anyones attention.
Scallops were overcooked and the foie gras was cold but the rest of the food was
lovely. On top of that though they tried to charge us service charge just to rub
it it.... Wouldn't go back as there are a lot of places A LOT better and
cheaper. 

Nice selection, very clean, friendly staff! Hot Iron has become a favorite of
our family. Everyone can get the signature dish with ingredients and spices that
they want and have the fun of watching it cook. The staff are very friendly and
conscientious. They always ask if you have meat in your dish, (for vegetarians
like me), they scrub an area of the grill and use separate utensils to cook.
They don't just dump your ingredients on and cook either, but carefully separate
meat to the hotter parts of the grill and still manage to keep the veggies from
turning to mush. The selection of meats, veggies and sauces is awesome too!
Every time we go they seem to have a different ingredient or two which keeps
things interesting. Meats are kept VERY cold, seafood smells fresh and the
serving bar is VERY clean. Prices are reasonable, (Kids meals are around 4.99)
and Wednesday's they have discount dinner prices, I believe. 

Great Cookies, Cakes, and Customer Service It was my birthday and I had a last
minute idea to have a bakery cake instead of one pre-made in a convenience
store, but the problem was it was the day before Valentines and when many
bakeries turned me down for a plain vanilla rectangle cake, Fiona stepped up to
the plate and was able to make a fantastic beautiful cake. Not only did it taste
wonderful, but the texture was unbelievable, the frosting wasn't overly sweet to
over power the cake, and the cake itself was just amazingly soft, and fluffy,
and just perfect overall. Although I'll have to drive a little out of my way to
go there, I'll gladly do it knowing that since she's been astounding to me once
before that she'll always be that way! (Also she has a really great website! And
we bought a few cookies there too, they were fantastic as well!) She deserves
many 5 star reviews!! 

Food Craving Gone and Weight Loss at Acupuncture Doctor I am a college student.
Before treatment, my food cravings were "out of control" which caused me to be
stressed out. I experienced a Definite Decrease in food craving (about 50%) and
decrease in stress after the 1st treatment. I actually loss 4 pounds after my
1st treatment and 2 pounds after my 2nd treatment. I was amazed. I am now more
at peace and my food craving is about 99% gone after only 3 treatments. Before
coming to Acupuncture DOCTOR I was a big baby about needles and only came
because my boyfriend's aunt recommended it. It hurt very little, felt more like
pressure than pain. What I like most about Dr. Liau is that she is very caring.
She talks to you at each appointment. I can tell she really cares and wants to
help. I am SO GLAD to have found Dr. Liau. Now I feel more confident wearing my
bathing suit in the summer. 

An Asset to Richmond For a long time, one big source of entertainment missing
from the Richmond City Limits was a first-run multiplex. Bowtie has filled that
role nicely. The theatre is in an old brick warehouse, which is a block away
from the Flying Squirrels stadium. The owners of Bowtie manged to add something
new while preserving what was already there. The theatre has greatly improved
the surrounding neighborhood. There's plenty of parking, and I've never had an
issue with audience members who won't stop talking or answering their
cellphones. Best of all, there are no ads!!!!! Just previews and the main
feature. Expect to pay full price, and the theatres themselves are on the small
side. But if you like going to the movies, you should love Bowtie. The mangers
also play a classic movies on Sundays, you can get a beer in the lobby, and
repeat customers can get discounts if they have a member card. A great cinema in
a great location. Thank you, Bowtie! 

Craft Wonderland with History My first visit was so fun yesterday. I could have
stayed all day and not seen all the things. I am doing origami jewelry and found
exactly the right things for earrings and got many other ideas there too. I
bought a beginners quilling set and like making the filigree forms you can make
and add to other crafts. The owner, Jean, has been there 31 years! What a
history. She is a super sweet, lovable and well-informed woman with a great
sense of humor. I really enjoyed meeting her and happy to learn she comes from
Oklahoma and has the values of a solid no bs country girl. This store is a real
gem and has much to offer the serious crafter or the occasional crafter. By the
way, Salmagundi (the store name) means something like smorgasbord; potpourri;
motley; variety; mixed bag; miscellaneous assortment; mixture, a variety of many
kinds of things. Great name for a great store! Shop Local! Barbara Quimba
1/30/10 

the 2010 Genesis is grrrrrrrreeeaaat! I am a proud owner of a brand new 2010
Hyundai Genesis. I have never seen this car before until this lady at wal mart
had it and she told me she got it here and that everyone was so nice to her. I
asked her who she worked with and she just told me ti was the sales manager. I
took the weekend off and came in and asked for the manager who is Jeff and he
remembered her right away even remembered her dog, I was a bit shocked that
someone would pay that close attention. We got to talking and he got me set up
and I test drove with Craig and I fell head over heels for this car all I kept
saying, " was I gotta have it!" I thouhgt it would be out of my price range but
they really worked with me and now I couldnt be happier. Jeff and Craig are
really good at what they do and know exactly how to treat a customer. Definitely
go see them! 

Bait and switch, untrained workers Called the Bonanza store 2 weeks ago, before
I ripped out 350sqft of ceramic tile... was told I would need a "dual head
concrete grinder" to remove thinset and make a nice "finished" look (ready for
concrete stain). Was quoted $55 all inclusive of grinder inserts, etc. No
problem, sounded like it's done every day. Will look beautiful. Got the tile
ripped out, call today, now all the sudden this grinder won't leave a finished
look AND it's $125 PLUS around $75 for the inserts. I can rent another machine
for like $60 that will give it a finished look. So from $55 to $260? Are they
serious? I feel like they didn't tell me the pitfalls before I pulled out this
tile and now that I have no other options they want 5 TIMES the price? Either
these people don't know anything about what they are renting, or worse- they are
bait and switching. 

One suspects that earlier reviewer works for another laundry. Outside of parking
being at a premium, especially on discount days, The Laundry Tub is not filthy
and it's no smaller than any of a dozen laundromats I've been in. Yes, there are
bigger, but bigger isn't necessarily better. I availed myself of the wash 'n
fold service, taking just about a year's worth of dirty clothes in and getting
back neatly folded, clean clothes in clear plastic bags (I'd originally brought
them in, in six large yellow garbage bags). The cost was certainly reasonable
and I will continue my patronage of The Laundry Tub in the future. Didn't hurt
any that they knew my name by my second visit and greeted me warmly then and on
my third visit. Whereas my answer to the question "Where do you get your laundry
done?" used to be, "At the checkout line at WalMart," I can honestly say the
answer now is, "At The Laundry Tub." 

Thank you! I recently took a rescue puppy to this Clinic and I was SHOCKED at
how well Romeo and My family was treated. They worked around the clock to ensure
that my puppy life was saved. We have to leave him at the vet for 3 days and I
was told to call for check ups as often as I wished that no matter how many
times I called I would not annoy them.lol They where super friendly towards us
and treated us like people not walking bags of cash. In this day its rare to
find such wonderful people who CARE , Not the kind of want to make cash. I would
strongly suggest you give them the chance to prove to you that not all people in
this world are evil! I will never go to another vet as long as I have animals. I
live nearly two hours away and yet I will still make the drive to see them!
Infact I look forward to taking my animals to the vet simply because of how my
animals and I are treated. 

Okay, here's the scoop. I'ma regular at the HH. The food is excellent, the
serivce is horrible. I think they're still in the mindset from when it was only
smokers sitting around and drinking... not in any hurry. In my experience the
food has been excellent (for the most part). However, the bartenders/waitresses
definately need to be re-trained (if they ever had any to begin with) and learn
two things: only chat with customers when other customers are not impatiently
waiting and to look around more often to see if people are waiting. In some
cases the result is because of understaffing, in some cases the staff just
doesn't care/know better. They must also get something to keep take-out warm, so
it's not room temperature at best when you get it home. You just have to know
what you're getting into when you go. Nice local pub, excellent food (especially
wings), and don't go if you have a limited amount of time. 

Trust The Midas Touch I personally trust this Midas store with all my vehicles,
I have been going there for years & would never go anywhere else! the staff is
very personable & actually care about the customers safety rather than taking
there money. This is however a very busy shop but there are appointments
available & the staff up front will surely make sure you get back in a timely
manner. I look at some of these other comments & laugh because people think that
the world revolves around them! Like the girl with the fuse problem...Midas has
the most high tech equipment in town & I guarantee you if they told you it was
electrical then in deed its electrical! maybe you should understand how the
world works & realize you are just like any other person & not put yourself on a
pedestal. I will continue going to Dave at Midas because he is one of the most
honest business owners in this town! When having your car worked on you have to
trust the mechanic & this Midas is truly someone you can trust! 

We decided to try this place last night because we noticed that it had some
interesting things on the menu aside from the usual rolls-- live scallop
sashimi, duck breast nigiri with foie gras, panko mussels-- but none of these
were particularly great or worth the sticker price. Additionally we tried the
Logan Circle roll, spicy crab and tuna roll, and sweet potato tempura roll ($15,
$10, and $3.75 respectively). The sweet potato tempura roll was actually a great
surprise: cheap and delicious, the only thing we tried that I would say was well
worth it and a great value (and I never get vegetarian rolls). The other rolls
weren't at all special, especially given their pricing. The bottom line is that
the food isn't great and is relatively high-priced. The service is solicitous,
the atmosphere is nice and mod except the out-of-place flat-screen TV playing
football. But I'd go elsewhere unless the prices are cut. It's just not worth
it. 

Don't Expect Sleep or Courtesy I was booked for 2 nights at this hotel in Oct
2007. At 3:15 am on night #2, the fire alarm and strobe light activated in my
room. These are not household type alarms. When they sound off, it is a true
audio/visual experience. I called the front desk and got no answer. After
checking for signs of fire or smoke and seeing none, I decided to just pack up
and leave. The desk agent actually argued with me, claiming that no such alarm
had gone off (as if I would make that up?). He finally admitted that only the 4
ADA room alarms had sounded, so only 4 guests were effected (no big deal to
him). This little drip offered no apologies whatsoever, and even refused to give
me the name of the manager until I pressed him for it 3 times. This hotel is
adequate enough, but there is an obvious problem with the staff and management.
Do not go there if you expect to sleep through the night. 

Poor Service, Lack of Passion: Do NOT go I began seeing Dr. Romanick back in
2000 and have seen a significant decline in the quality of care, patient-doctor
communication, and just the overall level of services. The poor quality starts
at the receptionist desk, where the staff is very impatient and lack the
efficiency I once loved about the office. It took them nearly two months to
complete a simple task, and countless calls from my part due to their lack of
response and passion (not that it's a requirement for the job, but it helps to
at least pretend to be helpful). Also, I was promised to have my test results
emailed to me, but it never happened, and after a few attempts to get Dr.
Romanick on the phone to brief me on my condition, I finally gave up and went to
a different doctor. Please do not go there if it's professional, friendly,
diligent medical services you're looking for. Save yourself the trouble, money
and time and visit a more caring facility/doctor. 

The moving company is actualy based in Brooklyn, but advertised all over NY/NJ,
including Fort Lee. When the guys arrived (2 hours later than agreed) they told
that you have to pay all the tolls they payed coming from Brooklyn and extra
$100 for them to drive back from your destination. That was not in agreement
eather, but they realy demand it. And another $100 for wrapping the furniture.
So totalling $212 just for start before any work started. Guess what, was not in
the initial agreement as well. I was moving out from 2 bdr apartment and it took
for 3 strong guys 6 hours to load a track (from 2pm-8pm). The only reason I'm
giving 3 stars instead of 1 or 2, I should admit, nothing was broken. So I still
can recomend them but prepare pay twice as much as they tell you initially. One
more thing, they don't take any credit cards or checks. You have to pay CASH
ONLY before they start unloading track on your destination. 

Worst Apartments EVER We lived here for 2 years, the first year or so was okay.
Then, the more power they gave to Linda, the worse the place got. We were always
having our water shut off, there were always people having parties at the pool,
even after it was supposed to be closed. The pool was supposed to close at 10
and they would have people down there until 11:45 yelling, playing music and do
who-knows-what in the dark corners of the pool. Then, when we moved out, we
cleaned the apartment top to bottom, they came back and tried to charge us for
two cleaning fees (and we never got our deposit back) and past utilities (that
were already paid, we have check numbers and records of this). Linda is the
rudest person you will ever talk to and she sticks up for all of the trashy,
rude people that live there, not the nice ones that actually give a crap about
respecting others. Do not live here, you will regret it! 

The Worst Experience Ever!!! I have worked with Ted Jurek at Decor and You, and
it started out as a decent experience. He was referred to me by a friend, who
didn't have the best experience with Ted, but said that Ted was able to make up
for his lack of preparedness at the end. I figure I would give this company a
chance. However, after giving a required $500.00 (NON REFUNDABLE) deposit before
seeing any plans or ideas, I was sorry I did. We met a couple of weeks later,
Ted was late. He brought fabric books, and pictures of furniture only, which all
came way over budget. By the time we got to the budget i told him I could work
with, there was basically no design. Just curtains and a couple of accessories.
WHAT IS THAT????? This company is way too expensive with nothing to show for it.
Please everyone....take heed and don't get caught up in the hype about DECOR and
YOU working with every budget...This is just a way for them to squirm their way
into your precious pocket 

Horrible. Horrible. When we walked in, the person behind desk said: "oh well,
you must wait, I am in the middle of something." After a good few minutes, he
asked: "what do you want?" Somewhere in between his rudeness he asked if we
smoked. I asked if this hotel had smoking rooms. He immediately said "no, there
is a $50 deposit now!" Sure enough he charged it to the credit card. When I
inquired he rudely replied "in the morning when things are checked out you'll
get it back." I called customer service about it because the website
specifically states that there are no other charges at the check-in. I also
mentioned to the reception person. He responded "we have problem with 'people'".
Imagine a hotel having problems with people. I finally alerted him to his
rudeness. He said he's had a long and bad day. We had no choice but to stay but
will take this as far as we can. Don't stay there. I came to find out the person
was the hotel OWNER also. 

My friend and I were to stay here for a girls night, catch up on our lives
evening. We live within 20 miles of the hotel and wanted to get away from our
responsibilities for the night. Unfortunalty my husband and I had to put our 13
year old lab down that morning and we were not expecting this. My friend called
the hotel to cancel our room as soon as I called her. They said that we were to
be charged for this room regardless because we did not cancel within the 72
hours. I called them back a few hours after putting my Bodhi down and they still
wouldn't budge. Times are hard, I know, but they had no compassion. I called 3
times to talked to a manager, never a call back. I emailed 4 times, never a
response. In one of the emails I attached the letter from the Vet's that
expressed their sympathy, this hotel did nothing. I even emailed Mackinaw
Tourist and nothing. I am sure this is a good place to stay from reading the
other reviews, but if something unexpected happens in your life, they will not
care. 

FANFUCKINGTASTIC Ok I am a New Yorker who has been going to school in Oxford,
England. I thought the UK was completely devoid of good NYC style pizza. I
thought to get a decent pizza the only way was at a fancy restaurant, and I have
to get a whole pie. I thought I would have to wait until I went home to NYC.
Well then I went on a trip to Glasgow and was walking around. I saw this place
and it looked like the HOLY GRAIL. I knew I had found the real deal, big pies,
sold by the slice, with the pizzas sitting under the glass in the front. They
have crushed red pepper flakes and oregano. So I ordered a slice. It tasted like
I just flew back home. I dunno how they did it, but Scottish friends--- this is
THE REAL DEAL. I congratulated this establishment for doing the research on
making NYC pizza because these Scots fcking nailed it. That being said, I don't
know how their delivery service is. They might want to change the name to
reflect the new yorkedness of the pizza, scrummy yummy sounds gimmicky to me. 

Good food, good wait staff, poor management We visited on 7/26/08 for dinner We
received a gift certificate for the Mama Mia's on Greenfield Ave. The food was
good, and so was our waitress. When it came time to pay the bill up front, they
would not let me use any of the certificate for a tip (which I have done with
any other restaurant I've gotten a gift certificate for.) I then asked if I
could have money back in cash. The person went to go check with the manager, who
was sitting at a table chatting with her friends who were eating there. Her
answer was short and manner rather rude. Sorry for interrupting I guess. The
cashier was also short, unapologetic and made me feel as I was wasting her time.
There were no other options available (I only brought my check card to cover any
overage cost) and she rang it up and applied it to the gift card before telling
me about the tip policy. I will not be visiting Mama Mia's again. There are
other places with food just as good with management that values customers and
employees much more. 

DINING AT TEXAS ROADHOUSE TEXAS ROADHOUSE HAS VERY GOOD MEALS, THAT THE MEAT
COMES RIGHT OFF THE BONES. IT HAS VERY GOOD PRICES. ON A BAD NOTE THE WAITING
AREA IS NOT ENJOYABLE OR ENOUGH SEATS. ALSO, THERE SHOULD NOT BE PEANUTS ALL
OVER THE FLOOR. NEXT, THERE SHOULD ONLY BE ONE PERSON BRINGING YOU YOUR FOOD.
ITS NOT A BIG DEAL BUT I HAD TO TAKE MY SALAD HOME BECAUSE THEY FORGOT TO BRING
IT. I HAD TO ASK THE GIRL WHO BROUGHT MY FOOD AND SHE NEVER CAME BACK TO LET ME
KNOW. I HAD TO WAIT FOR MY WAITRESS. WHEN YOU FIRST COME IN THE HOSTESS IS NOT
VERY FRIENDLY,THERE IS JUST A BUNCH OF WORKERS STANDING THERE. I WAS THERE ON
MARCH 6TH, 2009. I WAS ALSO THERE OF JULY 4TH 2008, WHEN MY DAUGHTERS BUFFALO
WINGS CAME OUT WITH A FLY ON IT. THE MANAGER CAME OVER AND SAID HE WAS SORRY AND
GAVE A NEW BATCH OF WINGS, HE SAID WE CANT REALLY DO ANYTHING BECAUSE THE DOORS
ARE ALWAYS OPENING AND CLOSING . IN MY OPINION SHOULD OF JUST TOOK OFF THE PRICE
OF THE WINGS FROM THE BILL. BUT EVERYONE HAS THERE OWN WAY!!!!!! 

Mezza Luna FTW! their mezza luna's are deffly better than the pizza rolls. its
like a pizza roll, but they just toss ham and cheese inside. it seems like its
healthier too, but its prolly not. also, you can call em ahead of time, and then
go to pick up ur food, or have it delivered**. that cuts down on teh wait time,
cus u can do other stuff while ur waiting. it usually takes 20mins for a mezza
luna, as they have to add pure delicious extract to the mix. their pizza was a
little salty for me, but its still good. they do that whole thing where you
sandwich the pepperoni between layers of cheese for +32 delicious. anyways, the
mezza luna: you should try it. it runs you about 4 bucks and it deals crushing
blows to hunger. **Edit: Living on campus at Clarkson University, I have had
food delivered before. This was back between '05 and '09 and I don't remember
how many times we've had it delivered. Perhaps they don't deliver anymore, but
the deliciousness of a mezza luna certainly warrants a pickup. 

My 2004 x-type was getting close to 100,000 miles so it was time for an upgrade.
I sent my wife and daughter over to check out a pre-owned 2009 XF. Michael
Chestney was very pleasant and patient with my wife and she suggested I go check
it out. I went in later that afternoon and met with Michael. He showed me the
car I was interested in and we took a test drive. I loved the car so we began
negotiating my trade-in and the price of the 09 XF. The entire negotiation took
about 20 minutes. Fair give and take on both sides until we agreed on a deal
that was within my parameters and was fair to both sides. 10 minutes of
paperwork and I was the owner of a beautiful pre-owned 09 XF. I have purchased
over 15 vehicles (cars, rvs, and boats) in my lifetime and I have to say the
experience with Michael and Barrett Motor Cars of San Antonio was one of the
best. Friendly, knowledgeable, and above all fair. That's all you can really ask
from a car dealer and Michael and Barrett hit all 3. Thanks for the great deal
and the great car! 

Identity Theft Myself and my fiance's identity was stolen from the office staff.
We were told by a detective and asked to check our credit for anything unusual.
Luckily they caught the crooks before they did one on us. It was a black female
that use to work in the office. She stole the information and gave it to another
guy that did all the work. The other guy was pulled over one day and a cop saw
suspicious papers with names and social security numbers on it. Thats how they
were caught. They both went to jail and a new manager was put in charge of the
apartments. The apartment across from mine belonged to a gang of hookers. Nobody
lived there. A girl would show up, then a guy in a nice car would show up. Short
time later the guy would leave, then the girl. My apartment was usually quiet. I
lived in one that did not face the parking lot. Parking spaces are just big
enough for a Mini Cooper. It sucked having an SUV. If I found a spot, I couldnt
fit in it. Gates worked 30% of the time at best. Bugs were a small problem,
nothing too bad. 

The best there is in service. I was recently traveling down I-24 from Nashville
with my 3 young children and had a blowout on the southeast side of
Murfreesboro. It was 4:50 when a friend told me to call Bud, he would take care
of me. Not only did they answer the phone at 4:50 on a Thursday, they hit the
ground moving!. They tracked down the only tire that fit my BMW330i in
Murfreesboro within minutes and secured it, then they came out, took off my tire
(it was a runflat - but runflats don't do you any good if they blow out), and
brought it to their shop to change the tire. They were back quickly considering
how far outside of Murfreesboro we were and had us on our way by 6:30 that
evening. Thanks Bud for all of your help and taking time away from your family
that evening. It's without a doubt, the best service experience I've ever had
and just to be clear, the price he charged me was the same as my tire guy in
Nashville's price for putting on the other rear tire. I hope I can return the
favor in the future! Alan Grissom 

Room ok. Service and Client base not ok. I have stayed in this hotel many times,
and while it typically offers a decent bang for the buck, its client base
largely consists of troubled youngsteers and evictees from the local, not so
pleasant hood. I have never considered this a real problem as I travel without
kids and can fend for myself, but when I had to listen to a (non-violent)
domestic fight that lasted from 1 AM to 5 AM during my last stay and I found out
that the front desk was unmanned during night hours, my choice was to either
waste tax payers money by calling for a yet another police dispatch to this
hotel, or just get over it. I chose the later, but approached the front desk
about the hotel policy to push over their responsibilities on local authorities,
not to mention the good nights sleep i paid for but didnt get. I was told
management would call me back but still waiting for that call. I will probably
stay here again because its cheap and I cant afford a better hotel, but do not
look forward to it and would definitely not recommend this hotel for families or
single female travellers. 

Was there this past weekend and the guy behind the counter yelled at me and my
son because we believed he left the grandma slice in the oven a little too long
and the cheese got all dried out and the slice tasted more like a cracker. He
preceded to grab the slice off the countertop and throw it into the trash while
yelling at me saying, "you do not order what you do not know about" and "you
don't know how pizza is made". It was very upsetting to see this kind of
behavior especially in front of my four year old. He was in the process of
making me a pie and when I got home, the pie was the worst I have ever seen.
Cheese was falling off, so oily and greasy. I think he did it on purpose because
of my simple request for another slice of grandma that wasn't so well-done
(actually, burnt). I will never go back to this place and I am reporting them to
the better business bureau for such horrible customer relations and basically
sabotaging my pizza and taking my $25. THIS STORY IS 100% TRUE. That little man
who thinks he invented pizza can kiss my *ss. 

Long Lines, Silly Rules, Rude Staff, Ok Food The first thing you notice when you
arrive on location is that the waiting line literally goes out the door and
spills into the parking lot. A restaurant with this many patrons willing to
stand in line just to order tacos must be good, right? I mean, that's the way it
works at amusement parks: the longest lines are at the best rides. Well, this
may be an exception. The staff taking your order and "waiting" on you are very
indifferent and have no sense of costumer service at all. I have gotten better
results talking to COMCAST customer service than with these folks. And don't
even think about asking to speak to the manager because this guy is, and pardon
my French, a jerk. If you have gotten through ordering, dealing with the rude
staff and if you followed the dumb rules, you are finally presented with what
you came for..some tacos that are "ok," but definitely not worth putting up with
all the hassle. Save yourself the trouble and skip this place all together. I
suggest you go up to Raging Taco & Raging Burrito a couple of blocks up the
street or even Taco Mac. 

Wish this was in Saratoga-- We were introduced to Bistro Tallulah by
traveler-professional diner who happens to own the Adelphi Hotel and travels the
world-- and residing in Paris,London, New York the rest of the year. SHE KNOWS
GREAT FOOD AND DINING EXPERIENCES. She was dead on-- this restaurant was
wonderful--- do not be put off by the one negative review on this page. I can
tell you we were pleasantly surprised -- BT has taste memory and each time back
the food was consistently delicious -- same dishes -- were consistent. Our
friend is a world traveler and loves unpretentious dining experiences and
inspired food. This chef knows what he is doing. Treat yourself and go-- you
will go back! I am a business owner in downtown Saratoga Springs and wish this
restaurant was in our town! The affordable rent makes it possible for an
inspired chef to serve his high quality fare at affordable prices! Unlike
Saratoga. I rrly seek the cehf out to introduce myself-- but the second time we
went-- i made a point of asking our wait person to introduce my friend and
myself to the chef to tell him just how good our meals were. Cannot wait to go
gain. -R. Morris . 

I think that there pretty good. First of all, if you call for an appointment
they won't tell you to call back a month later so you can then make one. They
also don't tell you that they're going to mail you an "application" to be
admitted to be a patient. I feel that the way some doctors offices work around
here is a little bit absurd so I'm happy that these guys don't do those two
things in particlular. Usually you can be seen the same week or maybe the
following week. The doctor did tell me that my male pattern baldness is due to
my mothers father because the gene is exclusively passed on through maternal
line but that's a common misconception
(http://www.consumerreports.org/health/healthy-living/beauty-personal-care/hair-loss-10-08/hair-loss.htm).
In general I would say that the staff is attentive and nice. But then again I
was nice to them so that could have been why. Anyhow, after reading some of the
other reviews it seems like some of the other reviewers are expecting mircles.
If you want miracles you'll have to go to 21st St. It's a pretty typical primary
care office but for the area it's very good. They don't do certain things that
are really annoying about other offices. 

First trip to Canada I recently traveled to Canada on business and had a most
excellent experience. I work for a large retail company recently expanding our
operations into Canada and had to travel to ensure all of our computer network
equipment was installed properly and on time. This can tend to be a stressful
experience in itself let alone adding crossing boarders for the first time. I
was very pleased to find my accommodations and the hotel staff to be a very
calming and comforting part of my trip. I found the hotel to be amazingly clean,
not to mention very well adorned with many pleasant surprises. From my first
encounter at check in to my regrettable check out I found the staff and facility
to exceed my expectation. I completely enjoyed my whole check in experience and
was impressed with the friendliness and professionalism of the staff as well as
the accommodations themselves. I will be traveling in this area in the future
and you can be assured that this experience will be helpful in my choice of
hotels and Novotel will be my first selection. Yes the parking can be a
challenge but being from NJ I am no stranger to tight corners. Please pass my
appreciation to the Staff and Management for their excellent hospitality and
good spirits as it helped make a stressful trip enjoyable. 

Favorite place in Tampa. Update: I had to add to my review. I was just in last
night and had a chance to dine in their new dining room. AMAZING! I frequent
this resturant on a weekly basis but usally only for lunch. Well I was in for a
treat when I was greeted by the friendly girls at the counter who asked if my
wife and I would like to sit in their "new" dining room. Right away they told us
that it was the same great food with the same prices so off we went. We were
greeted again and sat promptly. After looking at the menu and seeing the new
menu items they had, we knew we were in for a treat! I had the Chicken Parmesan
Dinner and my wife had the Shrimp Scampi Dinner. AMAZING! The portions were
generous enough that we even took some home! I have to say the value of this
place always amazes me. It's nice to see that even in the economy we can eat a
place that has upscale service, amazing atmosphere, and Incredible food, but not
break the bank while enjoying it! Bottom line is that when it's a small privatly
owned resturant like this is you can tell that the owners and employees take
pride in their product and service. Well Done! 

Great work and honest establishment! I typically have work done on my Jeep at
the dealership, but it is 6 years old now and getting charged dealership prices
just didn't seem cost effective anymore. I had tried out few place around the
area and had been ripped off a few times. I had hear great things about Phet and
G&G Automotive so I decided to give him a try. The service was excellent and
personable. He checked out what I needed to have done told me what needed be
fixed before he did any work and did great repair work. The price was actually
lower than what I had anticipated and used to compared to other places, plus he
showed me the work he did when I came into pick up the car. Also, a week after
the work, Phet called me up to see how my car was running and to let me know
that they had accidentally overcharged me for part of the work and wanted to
give me a refund for that amount. That is just unheard of these days! I grew up
in a small town where you knew and trusted your mechanic and was really cynical
about city auto repair shops since I moved here, but Phet has shown that there
really are honest hard working mechanics around. He is my mechanic going
forward! 

Our company is a high end designer handbag and fashion accessories company, thus
we are certainly a niche market. We had been evaluating SEO providers for quite
some time and finally decided to take the plunge with Stuart, and Ulistic. We
made the decision for a couple of reasons. 1. Social Media. We were familiar
with Search Engine Optimization strategies, but new nothing about Social Media -
we just heard that it was the next big thing. 2. We really liked the fact that
Stuart sets defined objectives and we meet once a month to go over our Key
Performance Indicators. How has it gone so far? Well we have been working with
Ulistic for 1.5 months, and have 100 people following our site on Facebook, and
our web site, www.designofashion.com has seen a 3 fold increase in traffic,
which is significantly beating our expectations - SEO is a process that takes
time and to get results this quickly is exceptional. We are absolutely confident
that Stuart's ethical and focused strategies will see these trends continue to
grow, and our business will reap the rewards of this program. Finally, it must
be said that Stuart is a fantastic person to work with, because of his solid
strategies and equally as importantly because he is a genuinely good person and
a great communicator. 

Excellent service and quality I had Hom-Excel replace most of the windows in my
Tampa residence three years ago. The excellent windows have performed without
any problems, but that's not why I'm writing my review. Three weeks ago,
burglars tried to gain entry into the rear of my home. The intruders slit the
screen of the window. Next, they tried to force the window with a pry bar and
then to break the window with a hammer. The window didn't break! My next-door
neighbor heard the noise and turned on a light, thankfully scaring the two
miscreants away (they even left their hammer behind!). I called Home-Excel the
next day to order a replacement screen for the window, and was happily surprised
when they said that they weren't even going to charge me for the replacement
screen...that it would be covered under their guarentee. Lo and behold, they
replaced the screen (which had to be ordered) yesterday and didn't charge me a
dime. Their worker even cleaned 3 of my windows and changed a lightbulb for me.
In this day and age, it is so rare to find a company with such nice workers and
such far ranging guarantee policies. I rarely write reviews such as this one,
but they certainly deserve anyone's business! 

Friendly staff, but definitely some problems May, 2009. We were booked at the
Sheraton with a number of other out-of-town wedding guests. Got put into the
wrong room the first night, and were quite surprised to have someone with the
same room key trying to get in the door at 1:00 am! Next day got moved into
another room, on the same floor with other wedding guests. There were 3 adults
in our room but towels for only 2, no linens for sofa bed. In the second room it
took 3 tries to get all the towels and linens we requested. A package and some
wedding cards were left in our first room. They were sent to our second room and
had been opened--the ribbon-wrapped present, and all 3 envelopes. Security in
the hotel seemed to be excellent, but we were never given an explanation as to
why someone would open these items. A mid-afternoon "fire drill" was disruptive,
putting everyone out of the hotel. When we called the front desk about an
extremely boisterous crowd in the hall outside our door quite late at night, it
seemed to take the hotel staff quite a while to quiet them down. The staff was
friendly, especially the front desk female supervisor, and seemed to want to
help, but too many unusual things happened to make us want to stay there again.

Be Careful Of Who Your Sales Guy Is I think this place is probably really great
especially judging by the reviews on here. My experience was awful though. It
ALL had to do with the sales guy which was a young 22 year old who had
admittedly only been working for 2 weeks. I was extremely interested in the car
and very likely would have bought it, but the sales guy I dealt with ruined the
deal. Essentially, I told him I didn't trust him cause he was a car salesman,
but he got so incredibly offended at that statement that he had to go cry to
another salesman and compose himself before coming back. I don't know if the kid
had a bad day or what, but I had to sit and apologize about nothing for 10
minutes until he dropped the issue. After that, I just tried to ignore his lack
of professionalism and test drive the car. I played dumb and asked him questions
that I already knew the answers to and he responded with half truths and a few
falsehoods. For instance I asked who owned Mazda and he said with confidence
that was GM, which isn't true. I mean, I don't care if he doesn't know, but if
he pretends to know and tells me BS to my face, there's no way I'm going to
trust him when matters turn to the price of the car and financing. 

The Worst Chinese I've Ever Had This is by far the worst chinese food I have
ever had. The service stunk. I called in my order and upon arriving to pick it
up, they got my order confused with someone elses. They helped about three other
people before they offered to help me again. They also got my friends order
mixed up and wanted to charger her $10 more than what she had wanted. She asked
for the dinner combo and they gave her two dinner plates instead. We were
standing in the store for 20minutes to simply pick up an order. Not to mention
that the wait staff was about as pleasant as dealing with an angry bull. They
were abrasive and rude - when they were the ones who messed everything up. We
had to throw out about 80 percent of our meals because the food tasted so
horrible. I dont know how it is possible to make orange chicken, sesame chicken
and kung pao chicken as well as cheese puffs taste THAT bad but China Delight
accomplished that. The only thing that was edible was the steamed rice and the
vegetable lo mein was barely tolerable. I will NEVER go here again. Lucky Panda
in Willis is a billion times better in service and quality of the meal. I have
no idea how China Delight won number 1 Chinese restaurant in Montgomery - There
needs to be a recount on that vote. 

Terrible Service One of the worst experiences I've ever had with a auto repair
shop. We took our vehicle in for a repair to the air conditioning. Approx 4
months later, the compressor went out. We took it back in to have it repaired
again, and less than a week later the second compressor went out. We went in for
a third visit and they fixed it again, but this time when we picked up the car,
the radio and clock did not work. So for the 4th time in 5 months and the third
time in 2 weeks, we brought the car back again. When we expressed our discontent
to the manager (that's right, the manager), did he say he would return some
money, did he say he would give a discount on our next visit, did he just say
"I'm sorry". Nope, none of the above. He stood there and told us how he wasn't
at fault. It was the fault of the parts supplier, and can we imagine how he felt
having to put another 2 hours of work in the car. And what did we expect...that
he bench test every part. At no time during the conversation did the words, "I'm
sorry" ever come out of his mouth. I, nor anyone else in my family, will ever go
to Sun Devil Auto again. Well, unless of course the third compressor he put in
the car goes out. 

Do not use this company! I dropped off a sheet metal piece that I needed copied
due to th it was needing to be replaced. I asked if they could copy the piece I
dropped off. They said it would be made exactly like the one I needed to
replace. I picked it up when it was finished and was charge 30.00. When I got to
the job and tried to insert the new piece of metal IT WOULD NOT FIT!! I took the
original piece of metal and rigged it to make due since I had to complete the
job. I took the receipt and the metal that did not fit and asked Pomper for my
money back. The girl at the desk was sooo rude I could not believe it! She told
me she could not use the piece I was returning and the company would only put it
in the trash so I could not return it. I explained I did not get what I paid
for. She asked me to bring the original piece back and I told her I had to use
it on the job. She told me that was to bad she would do nothing to help me since
she could not use or resell the piece. I said I was going to trash it also and
could I at least have a credit. With a smirk on her face she told me NO MONEY IS
BEING RETURNED and THAT IS THE WAY IT WAS. DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY. There are to
many people that need our business to have to put up with this unfair
treatment!!!!! 

I would NEVER recommend this gym to anyone and unfortunately this is based
solely on the owner's own unprofessionalism. When I originally joined in January
I only did so because I was told I would be able to cancel the 12 month
membership if I was to move away. I signed up with one of the staff who was very
pleasant and professional. Actually working out there was good - the machines
are nice and the classes are fun. The locker room is certainly lacking - I would
never shower or change there. They need to update the locker rooms ASAP. Back to
my poor rating - I was excepted to medical school and went in to cancel my
membership as I was told I could do since I was moving away. The owner was VERY
rude, accused me of not reading my contract, and basically told me to shut up
when I was trying to ask questions to further understand the process of
canceling my membership. I was able to cancel it but only after paying a $50 fee
(which the staff person who signed me up stated I would not have to pay if I had
proof of moving) and being spoken to in a very belittling manner. I would
understand if I was being treated this way by a staff member but the club's
actual OWNER?! Bad for business. I was appalled. I will never recommend this gym
to any woman. The equipment and classes aren't good enough to deal with the
rudeness from the staff!!! There are better places on the Cape - FITNESS 500! 

The Salon Experience from Hell I feel obligated to share this story. Right out
of college I called the salon and explained my situation. Just graduated, just
moved, not rich, and starting new job soon. I never got a price quote over the
phone and they take your cc info just to make the appointment because if you
don't show up, they'll charge you. I had this ridiculous celebrity stylist from
LA named Derrick. After he already put product on my hair he said "I should warn
you, I'm expensive." What was I supposed to do, say I can't afford you and walk
out with crap all over my hair. I wanted to be very blonde and instead he pulled
my root color throughout my whole hair which is a gross mousey brown. The other
stylists around me kept pressuring me saying he's so wonderful, you're going to
love your hair. $400 later my jaw dropped when the receptionist told me the
total. Derrick did a terrible job, was a complete jerk the entire time, and I
had no warning as to the price. I cried the entire way home. He then "fixed" it
for free but it still looked like crap. I will never go back. It was the salon
experience from absolutely Hell. He also told me that he worked on the cast of
will and grace and that they were all jerks. That's my favorite show of all
time. I'm pretty sure for the cast that it was the other way around. Maybe he
didn't do a good job and they told him so. Absolute Nightmare! STAY AWAY! 

Very unhappy ... Working with Rod Jacobsen was my first experience working with
a CPA, so I did not know what to expect. That said - he seemed to be doing well
enough. However, then I asked to amend my return to apply a credit I had just
become eligible for. I expected to pay for this service, but imagine my surprise
when I received a bill for MORE than what I paid to have the original return
prepared. Asked why, Rod simply told me that he had to research how to do the
amendment (it was an amended to show that I had purchased a home - nothing out
of the ordinary, one would think) and that took time to figure out. Well, that
was strike one. I wasn't going to use them again, but I was going to leave it at
that. However, now that I have come to realize that I am going to owe the IRS
$6,000+ despite doing exactly what Rod told me to do, I feel I have to voice my
opinion. Last year, after all was said and done, I asked Rod whether my payment
structure would leave me with no/little tax liability at the end of the year. He
said yes. Well, again, I am now faced with a tax bill of $6,000+, all due on
April 15, 2010 and all that Rod has to say to the matter is 'well, you won't
have to pay a penalty.' I may not have to pay a penalty, yet, but this is NOT
what I had in mind when hired these guys. In the words of my new accountant,
THEY LET ME DOWN! 

Bit sketchy, sporadic delivery times I bought about half of the furniture I own
from this place. Why? Because they cut me good deals if I paid in cash. Sketchy,
right? Well they came through and delivered almost all of my items within a few
days. (They even got me a couch pretty quickly.) The guy who was cutting me the
deals and getting me the furniture quickly, Ahmed, was nice and mostly
professional, except the semi-sketchiness. Then one day, Ahmed left the country,
not to return for months, WITHOUT informing me. He also neglected to tell the
other person working at the store about a dining room table that I had ordered
and that was supposed to be coming in. The other person working at the store
didn't know that I still had this table coming. I had paid in cash, and he said
he had no receipt/record of my purchase. I came back with the receipt Ahmed had
provided upon my purchase, and the guy took forever to copy it but said that he
would take care of the situation. I waited. And waited. He never once contacted
us. I've had to pester this new guy several times to ask when my table will
arrive. He kept saying different arrival/delivery dates and didn't seem terribly
apologetic. It has been 3 weeks and I STILL don't have my table (which was NOT
cheap, I might add). Point is: You might be able to get a good deal on some nice
furniture -- which I did -- but they're not very communicative and god forbid
something goes wrong, you'll have to fight to get it resolved. 

Poor Service Run don't walk. My experience with Home Delivery Service has been
one of disappointment and anger. If I could give them a lower rating than poor I
would. On August 21st, 2009 I ordered furniture from Hickory Furniture Mart and
contracted for HDS to deliver it. After seventeen days the delivery van showed
up at my home minus two pieces. I was later told they had been left at the
warehouse and some future date they would be delivered. No one will give me a
date. I spent $2300 on the bedroom suite, which was complete and excellent
condition on the showroom floor. Upon delivery it was clear the entire set was
damaged: a piece of wood was broke on the headboard; the chest of drawers was
missing all four pieces necessary to attach the legs; the dresser back legs were
pushed in causing the dresser to lean into the wall; and a nighstand was missing
a drawer. How do you lose a drawer. After complaining on September 10th to
National Home Furnishings, Boyles, the Hickory Furniture Mart and Home Delivery
Service the latter finally called me back and said they would be up to pick the
dresser and chest of drawers at some future point and at some later point it
would be professional repaired and at some later point it would be returned. The
customer service at Home Delivery Service was terrible let alone their promise
to proper set up furniture. So I am in limbo regarding a bedroom suite. I hope
the owners and employees of this store have broken bedroom suites in their homes
and furniture sitting in someone's warehouse. Maybe then they will begin to
understand poor customer service and terrible sit up service. 

Excellent Driving School I was involved in a car accident 20 years ago and since
then I've been a nervous wreck and haven't been behind the wheel. Unfortunately,
a family emergency required me to conquer this fear. A very good friend of mine
highly recommended the Professional Driving School and I was told to
specifically ask for Gerry. She highly recommended him and described him as the
"Saintly Instructor and Simply the Best Instructor there is ....very calm,
pleasant and very detailed in giving instructions". I called the school most
probably 10 times before I finally enrolled in a 20 hour package. I had to
cancel my initial lesson 4 times and on the 5th attempt the management was quick
enough to associate my cancellations with my fear and finally encouraged me into
taking my initial lesson. Five minutes before my initial lesson, I got a call
from Gerry advising me of his arrival and to come down as soon as I was ready.
My heart pounded as I walked down and pounded even faster upon seeing Gerry in
an SUV - Lexus! I thought of canceling the lesson once again because I didn't
feel comfortable driving an SUV. Gerry pleasantly said " since I am already here
why don't we give it shot. I trust you and believe that you'll be able to handle
this and all you have to do is to reciprocate! Trust me and most especially
trust and believe in yourself. Don't worry, I'll take care of you!" ....... the
rest was history! Here I am now driving confidently on my own. Gerry, I can't
thank you enough for helping me cope with my fear. To my friend, thank you for
your recommendation... you were true to your words in saying Gerry is a "Saintly
Instructor ...Absolutely Simple the Best Instructor and Best Driving school
there is! 

Review on House of Joy Chinese Restaurant My family and I moved to San Antonio a
year ago and have tried almost all of the Chinese Restaurants because we love
Chinese food. Well it took us a while to find one that we liked. But we don't
just like House of Joy WE LOVE IT. Everything we have gotten there has been more
authentic and better tasting than any other Chinese restaurant in the San
Antonio area we have been to--and trust me we have been to a lot of them. We
just happen to stumble across this little restaurant one day when we had to
visit the Bexar County Tax Office off of Bandera Road. We stopped in and got
some take out and cannot stop going back. They have the best Egg Drop Soup I
have ever tasted. We also love their Egg Rolls and Spring Rolls. And every
entree we have ordered is perfect. Everything is always cooked fresh and tastes
fresh. Their prices are extremely reasonable for the amount of food you receive.
The staff is also just so pleasant to deal with. They are also quick at getting
your order out to you. You don't have to sit and wait around forever like most
places!! So anyone looking for an Excellent night out for Chinese or maybe just
lunch should stop in and try it because I promise you 2 things---You won't
regret it!! and you will go back for more!!! Karla Ferguson-Granger PS I have
noticed on here that someone left a comment that "all of the nice comments must
come from co workers or friends" and I will tell you that I don't know these
people except from eating at their restaurant. We are from Virginia and just
moved here a year ago. So that comment is completely false. Because we think
IT'S THE BEST!!! and we don't know them except for eating there. 

Dr. Strzalka at Flagship CVTS is not a good doctor I am not sure about the
quality of the other doctors there, but i do know from personal experience that
Dr. Christopher T. Strzalka is not a man of his word, and is also very CRUEL AND
UNCARING!! He was going to operate and replace my bicuspid aortic valve due to
critical aortic stenosis. I had a surgery date of July 17, 2008. Then he
renigged when he read my Health Care Proxy, even though i agreed to be on the
ventilator for 2 months following surgery (as he had twice stated i must agree
to). He later said that by 2 months he "meant at least two months". Two months
and at least two months are totally different things. He did not even give me
the chance to say i would stay on the ventilator longer, which i would have. A
Health Care Proxy is not written in stone and can be changed. He also never even
said he was sorry. Just said i was inoperable and walked out of the hospital
room. So, therefore, now he says i am inoperable (even though i am not 100%
inoperable), and he is letting me die. I am just middle aged and do not want to
die, but thanks to this doctor i have no other alternatives. I, along with my
friends, consider this doctor to be the cause of my death as he is not even
trying to save my life by operating. Even my PA i went to the other day said "it
must by comforting to have gone to a heart surgeon like him who will do nothing
for you". He said it sarcastically. If you want a doctor who will lie to you and
say he will operate and then change his mind, and not know what he is talking
about when he recommends procedures at other hospitals and says they are what
you need, when they will not work for you, go to this doctor...he is the one for
you. 

What you can learn from the below 'bad experience'. I would suggest not avoiding
Second Home based on the 'bad experience' review. I'd probably be more inclined
to board my two dogs here, seeing that they don't just take every dog coming in.
I've toured this place and was impressed by how clean the place was, and all the
options for the dogs. It's unfortunate that bmil believed that his 'perfect' dog
was not given the right opportunity to prove himself. But I've done hundreds of
dog introductions myself (another place, I don't work here), and owners can have
unrealistic expectations and views of what they see when their dogs meet other
dogs. Workers who do these introductions look at the interaction objectively;
and it's good to see they are able and willing to say no if they feel there
would be a problem. It sounds (according to your own statement) that they had a
roomful of dogs, so they must be doing something right - and are keeping those
dogs safe from potential problems. You say you work a lot, and that you have a
young dog; so I have little doubt that your dog is just filled with energy to
burn; and it is good of you to look for a place to take him. But not at a risk
to other people's pets. You were clearly given another alternative by Second
Home, to board him - which might have given your dog a chance to come and go
from Second Home a couple times, getting used to the place and maybe
facilitating another attempt to get into daycare later. No business is going to
push customers away without good reason; so isn't it reasonable to think they
might know what they're doing? My dogs are far from perfect, and one of them I
believe would be a little much for daycare here herself (at least initially). Be
a little more reasonable with your expectations of a place like this; and maybe
don't jump to personal attacks suggesting that they don't want to work hard,
just because you bruised your own ego. 

Dumbest F'ers ever I called dominos tonight, it rang forever, I get put on hold
twice without saying a word and FINALLY someone says, MAY I HELP YOU? So I say:
I'm at the Radison Warwick hotel in Rittenhouse Square (built in 1926) do you
deliver to the Warwick? They say no, Warwick in New Jersey, Call New Jersey. I
laugh and say, no, that Warwick is in New York, but I'm at the Radison-Warwick.
And he says: You're at Warwick in Pennsylvania? and I said, YES, CENTER CITY
PHILLY, and he says, NO, Warwick is a township, If you're at a Radison in
Warwick thats too far, try dominos in Pottstown. I say, NO, I am at the RADISON
WARWICK HOTEL in Rittenhouse Square. He says: I not know that town, I have to
get to work, I'm in PHILLY. Call dominos in your town. I SAY LISTEN: I'm at 17th
and LOCUST, do you deliver there? He says, I have to have an exact ADDRESS. OK,
1701 LOCUST STREET i say. he says: Why you tell me your in WARWICK TOWNSHIP? He
gives the phone to a girl, she says, I have to have your address, I say, do you
deliver to 17th and locust, she says, your exact address, I say 1-7-0-1 Locust,
ARe you sure? she asks? YES I am sure, well, she says, is that ON 17th STREET.
Yes, I say. 17th, like over by 16th and 15th YES, I say, one mile west of you.
You're at 7th. I am just south of Walnut. She says, Is that 17th like over past
broad. YES, I am west of broad. Broad, I say, is 14th street and I am 3 blocks
west of broad and one south of walnut. Hmmm, she says, Then why are you calling
here, we don't go past broad? Anyway, after much yelling and cussing I hung up,
grabbed a cab, and went to Geno's.

Quick to take money but not quick to fix a problem! B&B came out very quickly to
give us our quote back in June. They were very polite, eager to answer any
questions and willing to wait for us to return from vacation to begin installing
our fence. Our fence was installed quickly in August and they had their money
and left saying "Workmanship is guaranteed for a year!". Within a week we
noticed one of the boards on our gate splitting where a nail had gone in. We
called our representative who assured me he would call the office and have it
taken care of. We heard nothing. We then called the office and the man we spoke
to said he'd send someone out to look at it but couldn't promise when- two weeks
came and went and we heard nothing. I just called again and was told that
workmanship, not wood, is guaranteed for a year- well in my opinion- the wood
split due to a nail which is part of workmanship! She even went so far as to say
"Your calling about one board?" Well- when you pay over $1000 for something you
want it to hold up and look good!!! YES! I WAS calling about one board!! I'm
very frustrated at this point- it would take all of 10 min for them to come by
and replace the one board that is cracked (the crack is deep enough to stick a
penny in it and it goes clear through) yet they do not want to take the time to
bother with what once WAS a happy customer and has now become a dissatisfied
customer. So I figure if they don't want to take the time to fix the fence that
they installed then I'll take the time to let everyone I can know about how they
treat customers once they have your money!!! STAY AWAY!!! YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY
FOR!!! They came in under a lot of other quotes and now I know why!!! When the
fence was first installed I would have given them five stars, now for their poor
customer follow-up and unwillingness to fix the fence they have dropped to a
one-star in my opinion! 

Lots of rules, phantom innkeeper, last minute price was worth it. I called the
"207" number and listened to the same recording loop 3 times before I gave up. I
then called the 800 number (which was answered) and inquired about last minute
rates. They had a room with a $99 rate, which I booked. The room was supposed to
be on the 2nd floor, but they put us on the 3rd. The email confirmation (which I
read in the car) warned about large suitcases, declaring that we are innkeepers,
not longshoreman. In other words, they do not help with suitcases, but they
promise totes to help. However upon our arrival no one there (the inn was open).
So no totes. Finally a chambermaid stuck her head around the corner from the top
of the stairs and told us sternly that we could not be accommodated until 3M, no
exceptions. Then she was gone. We returned after 3PM, found no one there, and a
note from the innkeeper with directions to our room. Rules in the room: #1) if
you drink the soda from the fridge in your room you must prove it by leaving the
can in the trash. If they think you've taken a soda from your room home with
you, they will charge you $1.50 per can. They count the cans in the trash to
make sure. #2) If you take the shampoo products home, they will charge you $8
per item. #) If you want a late checkout, (after 11 AM) they charge you $15 for
the first hour, $25 for the second hour, and after 2PM it's a full day charge.
#4) Breakfast is 8AM to 10AM. No earlier and no later. If you go later, it's all
cleaned up. (By whom, I don't know. I never saw anyone there. All these rules
are posted in the rooms.) Snacks: uninspired bread, tea backs, and individual
coffee things for a machine that didn't exist. I put the coffee thing in hot
water and settled for a cup of weak coffee. No wine glasses. Room was clean, but
had a weird, dated, sink/stove combo that didn't work. Bath was clean except
shower stall which had mildew problems. No tub. The Inn touts a shower with dual
shower heads, but only one worked. Don't get the rooms off the two kitchens.
They are RIGHT OFF the kitchen so you hear everything. Free parking. I'd go back
if I could get the last minute rate again of $99, but I wouldn't pay their rack
rate. 

Quit with the overstatements! The worst thing that can happen for any restaurant
like Zahav is to have too many people write hyperbolic reviews making claims
that "everyone" is going to "love" the food, decor and service. The truth is, in
my and my dining partners' experience, this is a fine little restaurant with
some unique food. It's an entirely up and down experience, however. Now, the
best of that unique food comes at the very beginning of the meal. The salatim
salads are the smallest plates I've ever seen placed in front of me (you would
most likely think they were condiments if it weren't explained to you). Though
they are mostly excellent, you generally don't get enough forkfuls to know if
you really love them. That being said, the laffa and hummus are out of this
world. Then again, for the three of us who dined together, two pieces of
flatbread left us fighting for more, and licking the hummus from our fingers
(and yes, those two pieces of flatbread did represent a three-person order).
Dinner was also an up-and-down experience. The vegetarian dishes and lighter
fare were almost always spot-on, while the lamb was often dry and/or overcooked.
The duck was a 65% glob of chewy fat with no resemblance to the juicy, crispy
delicacy it usually represents at other establishments. Dessert was... hmmm,
that's interesting, I don't even remember dessert. I guess that tells you a lot.
Oh, yes, the chocolate semifreddo was quite good. The warm chocolate cake was
very tasty, but served at room temperature, not warm by any stretch of the
imagination. And my--no, I still don't remember what I had. Service was average,
but nothing special, and restaurants that are supposed to be excellent should do
a better job of training their waitstaff to be communicative and friendly, not
merely capable. Perhaps had we not gone into this restaurant believing Zahav was
going to be golden as its name suggests (and as the many golden reviews seem to
attest), we would have enjoyed a decent little expensive experience. But one
should not go here expecting something fantastic, unless perhaps you've never
had middle-eastern food before, or succulent duck, tasty lamb, decent portion
sizes or actually warm chocolate desserts. PS) When we called for a reservation,
we were told that 5:00 and 9:30 were their only openings. When we arrived at 5,
and left circa 7, there were the same 4 or 5 empty tables surrounding us. Did
they think we were going to feel lucky to get any reservation at all, and
therefore be more pleased with our dining experience? 

MUST READ - Do not waste your time in this store. At my appointment the girl
helping me was unable to adequately lace up some of the dresses. They felt like
they were going to fall off of me and it was very difficult to see what I would
actually look like were I to purchase some of these dresses. I thought it would
be a good idea to see how a few that I liked would look like on a model (by
looking the dress up online). So, as I was leaving I asked for the
designer/dress name or style number associated with my top picks. They said they
were "unable to tell me until they ordered my dress". Hmmm... A person cannot
call a company, if you have no idea its name (since the designer is unknown...
SUPPOSEDLY), and order a gown without a dress name or style number. Do other
brides fall for this??? They either: a) don't want to give it to me because they
don't want me purchasing the dress elsewhere or b) are recreating the dresses
themselves (ie STEALING other designers' dress designs and "filling the orders"
by their own seamstresses). I'm no detective but... uhh... seriously?!? Whatever
type of operation they are running, I'm not interested and if you're smart, you
won't be either. What a waste of TIME. Aside from that little *mystery*, one of
the sales ladies was quite comfortable telling me how wrong I was about how
another dress that I loved compared to one of her dresses that I was trying on.
Somehow, since she supposedly doesn't know any names of designers/dresses, after
I told her the designer and dress name of the one I was comparing, she knew
"exactly which dress" I was referring to and disagreed with my observation; she
said that the bodice did come as low as the one I had on. My point: Even if I
was wrong, don't sit there and argue with the customer. Say something like,
"Huh. I didn't think so but you could be right." Unless you want to take the
"tell the customer how wrong she is and try and force her into a dress she's
obviously not loving" approach which will likely get you... uh... nowhere.
Seriously: do not waste your time. Other shops around this city have MUCH NICER
and more TRANSPARENT owners. Not owners that seem like they have something to
hide and know nothing about common courtesy and customer service. I felt very
much like Wedding Gallery was being dishonest and I wouldn't trust them to lace
me up in another gown let alone trust them with the gown I will wear on the most
important day of my life. 

AWFUL SERVICE! After happily visiting Sear's Automotives in the past, I was
shocked at the horrible service received at their Greensboro location. I brought
my car in on a Sunday to replace a shredded tire. I waited about 20 minutes in
the store part before anyone was able to assist me and was then told to pull my
car into the shop (that is apparently what you are supposed to do, but the big
signs pointing you that way are for some reason kept inside the garage, so you
don't see them drving up, and they purposely block the front pull-up that all
other Sear's use). Once inside, I had to stand around for at least 10 more
minutes before--FINALLY-- a technician got to me. Once I returned to pick up my
car, you can believe I spent quite a bit MORE time standing around waiting. I
had wanted to split the total between a credit card and check card since I was
being reimbursed for the tire but was told this wasn't possible. Once I actually
got back in my car, it was dirty and had grease all over the steering wheel. OK,
one bad experience...fine. The following Friday, I returned with my car to go
ahead and replace the other 3 tires, which were worn. I would not have gone
back, but I couldn't find the particular tire they'd used in stock anywhere
else. Once again, I waited for quite a bit before being attended to. I got the
order completed, and then questioned the technician since it came out about $40
less than I expected. He said it was the same tire, and verified this, after
checking both the actual tire on my car and my service papers from earlier in
the week. However, when he printed out the service quote, I could see that it
was NOT the correct tire, and was not even an appropriate tire for my car model.
So I pointed this out to him, at which point he said they only had one of the
correct tires in stock. Ok--fine. So I got just my other rear tire replaced.
They promised it'd be done within an hour, so I waited in the lobby. Over two
hours later (and ten minutes before they closed) my car was finally finished. A
few minutes after I left, I was called and informed that "I" left my wheel lock
(which they should have left in the car). Of course, they would be closing in 5
minutes, so I would have to hurry up or get it the next day. Of course I
couldn't make it back in time (and they apparently could not stay 5 extra
minutes to wait for me). The next day, no one could find my wheel lock and that
particular technician was not in. Of course, they couldn't call him either to
ask about it because apparently they don't keep their employees' phone numbers
(riiight), so I would have to return on Monday (driving for 3 days now with no
wheel lock should I get a flat). On Monday I called and again it was a big to-do
to find anyone who knew anything about it. Supposedly they will be holding it
for me this evening, but I'm sure that will also be a huge ordeal. The employees
at this Sear's are completely apathetic and there didn't seem to be any sort of
management that I could see. I will never return there again (and now have some
serious doubts about the quality of work they actually performed on my car). 
